In 1944, during the later stages World War II when the Soviet Union had entered Germany, the area was assigned to the 3rd Belorussian Front of the Red Army.
Germany is a country in west - central Europe, that stretches from the Alps, across the North European Plain to the North Sea and the Baltic Sea.
On 16 August 2009, the Kowloon Southern Link of the West Rail Line, from Nam Cheong Station to East Tsim Sha Tsui Station was opened.
Mujhe Jeene Do (Let Me Live) is a 1963 Hindi film, directed by Moni Bhattacharjee and written by Aghajani Kashmeri.
Thus, the decision of releasing a fourth single would be for regions that had not been overdosed by the hit singles " Yellow " and " Trouble ".
His second wife was the novelist and short story writer Rosalind Wade, with whom a had two sons, one of whom is the writer Gerald Seymour.
μ Fornacis (Latinised as Mu Fornacis) is the Bayer designation for a star in the southern constellation of Fornax.
It crosses the River Thames in a south – east north – west direction between Vauxhall on the south bank and Pimlico on the north bank.
Originally discovered by Véronique Sanson (Stephen Stills' former wife) at the age of 17, Estève recorded on Epic.
Hank Hall (Hawk), who was also a captive, watched as Monarch killed Dove in front of his own eyes.
The western group covered more territory, as the completion of the line's eastern end was contingent on the construction of the half - mile - long Selinsgrove Bridge spanning the Susquehanna River.
Bjørnsletta was a station on the Kolsås Line (line 6) of the Oslo Metro in Norway.
149 is known as " Smith Avenue " within Saint Paul and passes over the Smith Avenue High Bridge crossing the Mississippi River.
Bruce and Kris had two daughters together, Kendall (born 1995) and Kylie (born 1997).
Windows Vista, Windows 7, Windows Server 2008 and 2008 R2 also support IPP printing over RPC in the " Medium - Low " security zone.
Smith entered training camp under new defensive coordinator Dean Pees competing against Cary Williams for the job as the starting cornerback.
Major - General Richard Eyre Lloyd CB, CBE, DSO (1906 - 1991) was a British Army officer who served as Director of Military Intelligence.
He yearned the company of children of his own age and frequently played with Emperor Alexander III ’s youngest children, Michael and Olga.
Tagaytay overlooks Taal Lake in Batangas and provides views of Taal Volcano Island in the middle of the lake through various vantage points situated in the city.
He is married to mezzo - soprano Rinat Shaham.
Opel's top - ranging models were traditionally the Admiral and Kapitän, introduced in 1938 and 1937 respectively.
Bennie fought Middleweight champions Marvin Hagler, Vito Antuofermo, Rodrigo Valdez, Emile Griffith and Carlos Monzón.
Her older brother Raimo is a former volleyball player who played professionally in Estonia, Austria, Belgium and France.
Also exist continuation 2Grapes (in Czech 2Bobule) from 2009.
The Cross - Harbor Rail Tunnel project has been proposed as a direct route between Long Island and the US mainland, cutting across New York Harbor.
The last significant Confederate active force to surrender was the Confederate allied Cherokee Brigadier General Stand Watie and his Indian soldiers on June 23.
Tau1 Aquarii, Latinized from τ1 Aquarii, is the Bayer designation for a star in the equatorial constellation of Aquarius.
Rosemary Sutcliff's 1977 historical novel " Sun Horse, Moon Horse " takes place in the Vale, telling the tale of the White Horse's creation in ancient Celtic times.
Micheline Desmazières (born 23 February 1926) is a retired French alpine skier who competed in the 1948 Winter Olympics.
DG Canum Venaticorum is the variable star designation for a binary star system in the northern constellation of Canes Venatici.
The SS " Edward Y. Townsend " (official number 203449) was a American Great Lakes freighter that served on the Great Lakes of North America.
Matthias Rexroth (b. Nürnberg, Germany, 7 January 1970) is a German countertenor.
One of the young authors discovered by Nekrasov was Leo Tolstoy who debuted in " Sovremennik " with his trilogy " Childhood ", " Boyhood " and " Youth ".
Gertrud Rask (167321 December 1735) was the first wife of the Danish - Norwegian missionary to Greenland Hans Egede and was the mother of the missionary and translator Paul Egede.
Huang Xinting () (October 4, 1913 – May 12, 2006) was a People's Liberation Army lieutenant general.
The Ohio Connecting Railroad Bridge crosses the Ohio River at the island.
Birgit Nordin (born 22 February 1934 in Sangis, Sweden) is a Swedish opera soprano . Kutsch KJ, Riemens L. " Unvergängliche Stimmen: Sängerlexikon . "
The Gorge includes a number of settlements important to industrial history and with heritage assets, including Ironbridge, Coalport and Jackfield along the River Severn, and also Coalbrookdale and Broseley.
Louis II was the son of Ladislaus II Jagiellon and his third wife, Anne of Foix - Candale.
Lieutenant General Robert George Broadwood, CB (1862 – 21 June 1917) was Commander of British Troops in South China.
Group captain James Stagg is the chief meteorologist, advising Dwight D. Eisenhower on whether the weather conditions are correct to proceed with the D - Day landings, or if they should be delayed.
In 1984 he married Sarah Kate Forbes, the daughter of film director Bryan Forbes and actress Nanette Newman and the sister of television presenter Emma Forbes; they have three children.
It crosses the River Thames on Osney Bridge and reaches central Oxford after passing under the Cherwell Valley Line next to Oxford station.
1 p. 252 . under the command of Brigadier General Clement Leslie Smith VC.
Engine problems necessitated a stop for repairs at the island of Bora Bora in the south Pacific.
Simhavalan Menon is a 1995 Indian Malayalam film, directed by Viji Thampy and produced by Kilimanoor Chandran.
As a result, III Corps, under Lieutenant General Desmond Anderson, was sent to Northern Ireland, and took under command the 5th, 53rd and 61st Infantry Divisions.
On 25 July 2008, the South Ossetian separatists rejected proposal by the OSCE chairman - in - office Alexander Stubb to hold Georgia - South Ossetia meeting in Helsinki.
Western Chinese, which included those in the Shandong Peninsula, travelled across the Yellow Sea, and these Western Chinese lived and traded in both China and Korea.
Timur's period as a Moghul vassel came to an end when Tughlugh Timur appointed his son Ilyas Khoja as governor of Mawarannahr.
Khatatba is a town in the Monufia Governorate in Lower Egypt, 43 kilometers north of the Egyptian capital Cairo.
Colombia (21 pts) traveled to Asunción hoping for three points against Paraguay (28), who sealed their place in Germany while Chile battled against Ecuador and Uruguay against Argentina.
The new Borden Bridge provides twinned highway service across the North Saskatchewan River.
In 1987 the Kolia Bhomora Setu, over the Brahmaputra, was inaugurated connecting Tezpur to the southern district of Nagaon.
In late 2014 she signed a Telugu film " Dynamite " opposite Manchu Vishnu.
James Theodore Workman (April 30, 1908 – October 15, 1983) was an American rower, born in Woodward, Oklahoma, who competed in the 1928 Summer Olympics.
John Brayne, born in about 1541, was the eldest child of Thomas Brayne (d.1562), a London tailor, and Alice Barlow (d.1566).
Generaloberst Friedrich Dollmann in " Deutsches Soldatenjahrbuch ", p. 19.
On 21 November 1907, Jeanne served as a witness for the marriage of her niece Princess Marie Bonaparte to Prince George of Greece and Denmark.
Roscommon and Antrim were the respective unopposed representatives from Connacht and Ulster.
Wright's most recent attempts were to get fights with Middleweight Champion Sergio Martínez, who knocked out Paul Williams, and also a 160   lb.
In 1999, Zenit began playing goalkeeper Vyacheslav Malafeev, who graduated from the Zenit local football school.
The Green Mare () is a humorous novel by French writer Marcel Aymé first published by Gallimard in 1933.
At the height of the fighting Lieutenant General Sydney Rowell's I Corps headquarters arrived at Port Moresby, and he assumed command of New Guinea Force from Morris on 12 August 1942.
The camp was named for Brigadier General Allison Nelson who was in command of the 10th Texas Infantry Regiment.
Jorma Kalervo Hynninen (born April 3, 1941) is a Finnish baritone who performs regularly with the world's major opera companies.
Chen Hongjie (born 14 February 1990) is a Paralympic athlete from China competing mainly in category T46 track and field events.
Soon after, the Crew were allocated national team goalkeeper Juergen Sommer.
Boleslaus the Brave, was the Czech princess Doubravka of Bohemia, whose father and brother bore the name " Boleslav ".)
Marshal of the Soviet Union Andrei Grechko gave his last speech on the grandstand of Lenin's Mausoleum, before he died the following April.
NGC 317 is a pair of interacting galaxies, consisting of a lenticular galaxy and a spiral galaxy, in the constellation Andromeda.
HD 175541 b is a jovian planet located approximately 410 light - years away in the constellation of Serpens, orbiting the star HD 175541.
It then goes due north from Central City into eastern McLean County, crosses the Bridge at Livermore, where it crosses both the Green and Rough Rivers.
Lieutenant General Edmund Fielding (1676 – 20 June 1741) was a British Army officer.
In 1940, he won (along with the young bass Cesare Siepi and the mezzo - soprano Fedora Barbieri) Italy's national opera singing contest.
She was the only daughter of King Tarabya of Ava and Queen Min Hla Myat of Ava and sister of King Min Nyo of Ava . Hmannan Vol.
In " Security Analysis ", he proposed a clear definition of investment that was distinguished from what he deemed speculation.
The Bonn Stadtbahn (city rail of Bonn) with its lines 62 and 66 serves three stations in Oberkassel: Oberkassel Nord (SWB), Oberkassel Mitte and Oberkassel Süd / Römlinghoven.
Gianni Agnelli married Marella Agnelli (1927-) They had one son Edoardo Agnelli and one daughter Countess Margherita Agnelli de Pahlen.
These VLBA measurements for W40, Serpens - South, and Serpens Main were among the most - accurate distance measurements for massive star - forming regions in the pre - Gaia era.
After the death of Alghu in 1266, Orghana nominated her son Mubarak Shah by her first husband, Qara Hulagu as khan of the Chagatai Khanate.
At the same time, the airfield was named for MajGen Marion Eugene Carl, and the Corps announced that new squadrons would be stationed there.
One distinctive section of NBSR's main line is its crossing over the Saint John River approximately west of Mill Street where it crosses the Reversing Falls gorge on the Reversing Falls Railway Bridge.
As a junior curler, Macleod played lead for Eve Muirhead's rink at the 2011 World Junior Curling Championships.
It was assigned to the 4th Army, commanded by " Generalfeldmarschall " Albrecht, Duke of Württemberg, with which it participated in the First Battle of Ypres.
Sanne van Paassen (born 27 October 1988) is a Dutch former professional cyclo - cross racing cyclist.
The railroad car they were deported in was attached to the end of the last train out of Drancy which also carried Drancy commandant SS Hauptsturmführer Alois Brunner and other German military personnel.
Among those she instructed in Munich were Lilian Benningsen, Fritz Schaetzler, and the renowned Wagnerian tenor, Lauritz Melchior, who consulted her in 1922.
After Christine Kaufmann's death in March 2017, Allegra Curtis announced in October 2017 that she would be continuing with her mother's cosmetics line.
In May 2008, he became Commandant Air Cadets, replacing Air Commodore Gordon Moulds.
The highway crosses the Puyallup River northwest of Orting on the McMillin Bridge, which opened in 1934 and was scheduled to be replaced with a newer bridge that will begin construction in 2014.
She is the twin sister of Monika von Habsburg, and daughter of Otto von Habsburg and Princess Regina of Saxe - Meiningen.
In 2009, a Hindi remake of the film, entitled " Daddy Cool ", was released starring Sunil Shetty, Aashish Chaudhary, and Rajpal Yadav.
Thanga Gopuram (English: " Golden Tower ") is a Tamil - language film released in 1971, written and directed by M. S. Solaimalai.
 Korvettenkapitän  Hans - Rudolf Rösing of the 1924 naval term made the presentation.
They were later also found in the Florida Keys in the Gulf of Mexico, and at the Belize Barrier Reef in the Caribbean Sea.
Meinu Ek Ladki Chaahiye is a comical satirical Hindi movie starring Raghubir Yadav, Puru Chibber, Reecha Sinha, Zakir Hussain, Yatin Karyekar & Rashee Bindal.
Lieutenant General Sir Arthur Thomas Sloggett (24 November 1857 – 27 November 1929) was a doctor and British Army officer.
He first married Lady Jean Stewart, daughter of James V of Scotland and Elizabeth Bethune.
Frederik Magle was born in Stubbekøbing, the son of actress and writer Mimi Heinrich and organist, painter and sculptor Christian Reesen Magle (1925–96).
In February 1990, Oh made his pro debut in minimumweight, and after only six fights chellenged Ricardo Lopez for the WBC minimumweight title on January 31, 1993.
His daughter, by his former wife Annette Ekblom, is actress Amelia Warner.
At the same time, Olympias offered Perdiccas the hand of her and Philip's daughter, Cleopatra.
Killaloe Bridge is a road bridge over the River Shannon between Ballina in County Tipperary and Killaloe, County Clare in Ireland.
His father, Tony Benn, and younger brother, Hilary Benn, have both been senior Labour politicians.
In both the " Poetic Edda " and the " Prose Edda ", Gerðr is described as the daughter of Gymir and the jötunn Aurboða.
Alfonso Herrero Peinador (born 21 April 1994) is a Spanish footballer who plays for Real Oviedo as a goalkeeper.
Jothe Jotheyali is a 2006 Indian Kannada romance film directed by Dinakar Thoogudeepa and produced by Meena Thoogudeepa.
 Ascella  was named after Ascella, a star in the constellation Sagittarius.
Eberhard von Kurowski (10 September 1895 – 11 September 1957) was a German general (Generalleutnant) in the Wehrmacht during World War II.
Francis Sheehy Skeffington and James Cousins, the husbands of Hanna Sheehy Skeffington and Margaret Cousins, were the first editors of the publication.
HD 93083 b is an extrasolar planet orbiting the star HD 93083 in Antlia constellation.
In 1992, with grand ceremony, the Orioles began their season in a brand new ballpark, Oriole Park at Camden Yards, and thus retiring Memorial Stadium in the major league baseball world.
Saw Lu was born to King Anawrahta and Queen Agga Mahethi, Queen of the Southern Palace.
The party did not participate in the 2003 elections, and in the run - up to the 2006 elections it looked like Kanan would join Hadash.
Wang Zhi became the second wife of Emperor Jing (the fourth emperor of the Han Dynasty) and bore the future Emperor Wu.
The Nationals also hired former major league outfielder Jacque Jones to be Schu's assistant hitting coach and named former Montreal Expos shortstop Chris Speier as bench coach.
It was while playing guitar with The Negative Ponies that Stoermer met Brandon Flowers and Dave Keuning, who were performing as an early incarnation of The Killers.
He purchased 48 hectares of land between Newstead and New Farm and named the property Teneriffe because it reminded him of Mount Teide in Tenerife, Canary Islands.
Wang Shanshan (; born 27 January 1990) is a Chinese football defender who plays on the China women's national football team.
ω2 Scorpii, Latinised as Omega2 Scorpii, is a suspected variable star in the zodiac constellation of Scorpius.
He followed this up with a fight against Wally Thom in July 1952, the final eliminator for the British welterweight belt.
Trovon Reed (born December 30, 1990) is an American football cornerback for the San Francisco 49ers of the National Football League (NFL).
In October 1956, he beat the future World Bantamweight Champion Jose Becerra.
Severe weather and ice conditions, however, didn't allow them to cross the Kara Sea and they were forced to winter at Bukhta Dika, close to the Firnley Islands.
Daugavgrīva Lighthouse (Latvian: " Daugavgrīvas bāka ") is a lighthouse located in Daugavgrīva on the Bay of Riga on the Latvian coast of the Baltic Sea.
On July 7, 2006, Pavlik defeated the former WBO Light Middleweight Champion Bronco McKart with sixth round technical knock out in his first defense of his NABF Middleweight title.
Christa Bonhoff is a German contralto and mezzo - soprano singer.
The film is a remake of Malayalam movie " Sanmanassullavarkku Samadhanam " (1986) which was also remade in Hindi as " Yeh Teraa Ghar Yeh Meraa Ghar " (2001).
They had several children and their descendants include Field Marshal Sir Alan Brooke, 1st Viscount Alanbrooke, and Sir Basil Brooke, 1st Viscount Brookeborough.
He also had a sizable role as a young British soldier in the award - winning 2014 film "' 71 ", which takes place in Belfast in 1971 during the Northern Ireland conflict.
Maglaj is a town in central Bosnia in the Bosna Valley near Doboj.
 Cool Girl  was released for download by Island Records on 4 August 2016 as the lead single from Lo's second studio album, " Lady Wood ".
In Norse mythology, Loki accuses Freyr and Freyja of committing incest, in " Lokasenna ".
Quai des Tuileries runs between the Pont du Carrousel and the Pont de la Concorde that cross the River Seine to the Left Bank.
It was announced that she would become the Gambia's Permanent Representative to the United Nations, but instead, Susan Waffa - Ogoo was appointed to the role.
All tracks are written by Chvrches (Iain Cook, Martin Doherty and Lauren Mayberry) and Greg Kurstin, unless otherwise noted.
Wang Enmao () (May 19, 1913 – April 12, 2001) was a People's Liberation Army lieutenant general and a People's Republic of China politician.
Wharncliffe Crags is a gritstone escarpment or edge situated approximately north west of the city of Sheffield in South Yorkshire, England.
On March 16, defensive end Chris Clemons and a 2010 fourth - round draft pick were traded to the Seattle Seahawks in exchange for defensive end Darryl Tapp.
Guest stars included Strother Martin, Timothy Carey, and Lupita Tovar, mother of actress Susan Kohner and grandmother of writer / directors Chris Weitz and Paul Weitz.
The first title match would feature Tencozy (Hiroyoshi Tenzan and Satoshi Kojima) defending the NWA World Tag Team Championship against former champions, K.E.S.
The group was co - organized by Mallory Lewis, the daughter of Shari Lewis, the puppeteer of Lamb Chop and author of many children's books.
Again starting the season as second choice goalkeeper, several mistakes and an injury meant McCarthy replaced Adam Federici for the 3–1 defeat by Tottenham Hotspur on 16 September 2012.
His early work included furniture for the Delegate's Cocktail Lounge at the United Nations and furniture for the " Monsanto House of the Future " at Disneyland.
Lambda Caeli, Latinized from λ Caeli, is a star in the constellation Caelum.
Rojas turned pro in 1986 and won the WBA and Lineal Featherweight Titles in 1993 by defeating Yong - Kyun Park by decision.
72 Wing following reassignment of its original commander, Group Captain Charles Eaton . RAAF Historical Section, " Training Units ", p. 108 Comprising No.
In England, Hodierna of St Albans was the mother of Alexander Neckam and wet nurse of Richard I of England, and Mrs.
While living in London, Jesper Baehrenz and Mette Lisby wrote material for the ultra - popular British stand - up comedian Stephen K. Amos.
In 1983, the Gesellschaft für Informatik became a member society of the International Federation for Information Processing (IFIP), taking over the role of representing Germany from the Deutsche Arbeitsgemeinschaft für Rechenanlagen.
The French under Jean de Vienne, Admiral of France joined forces with the Scots.
Alberto Nocerino (born 20 December 1975, in Torre Annunziata, Province of Naples) is an Italian football defender who currently plays for S.S. Cavese 1919.
It separates the northern foothills of the Chablais Alps from the Dents du Midi.
Prince Hassan is the third son of King Talal and Queen Zein al - Sharaf, brother of King Hussein and uncle of King Abdullah II.
On 21 July 1960, he married Princess Diane of France - Orléans (born 1940), the daughter of Prince Henri, Count of Paris and his wife Princess Isabelle of Brazil.
 The Juice Is Loose  is the ninth episode of the seventh season of the American animated television series " Family Guy ".
Demetrius Harris (born July 29, 1991) is an American football tight end for the Kansas City Chiefs of the National Football League (NFL).
In November 1993 he challenged for Frank Grant's British middleweight title, stopping the defending champion in the seventh round.
He has also been a member of the nearly identical bands Peace and Silence and Post Modern Heroes, and he has fronted Soulbender with Queensrÿche guitarist Michael Wilton.
This was after he fell behind goalkeeper Alex Smithies in the pecking order.
Cyrus Mann (born April 2, 1956) was a retired American basketball player.
Xavier Gélin (21 June 1946 – 2 July 1999) was a French actor and film producer, and son of Daniel Gelin and Danièle Delorme.
On May 3, 2014, it was officially announced that former Mötley Crüe front man Vince Neil purchased a minority stake in the team.
Terra Linda is a former unincorporated community incorporated in San Rafael in Marin County, California.
ο Gruis, Latinised as Omicron Gruis, is a binary or triple star system in the southern constellation of Grus.
The movie was remade in Hindi as Singh Is Kinng with Akshay Kumar and Katrina Kaif.
Andrew Deutsch (born 1968) is a sound artist who also teaches at the New York State College of Ceramics at Alfred University.
William Edward Wagner (born July 25, 1971), nicknamed " Billy the Kid ", is a former Major League Baseball relief pitcher.
During his years in opposition, Gillis was re - elected in the 1981, 1984, and 1988 elections.
At the 2008 Beijing Olympics, Russia swept the women's tennis podium with Elena Dementieva winning the gold, Dinara Safina and Vera Zvonareva the silver and bronze, respectively.
On 11 November 1971, Marcel faced WBC featherweight champion Kuniaki Shibata in Matsuyama, Japan, but the fight was scored a draw, meaning Shibata retained his title.
Young Brown, or Abe Brown (born September 24, 1893, date of death unknown), was a welterweight boxer from New York City.
The Königstuhl summit allows visitors a spectacular view of the city of Heidelberg and the Neckar river.
Feldman had been an outmatched contender for both the Light and Welterweight titles against Henry Armstrong in 1939, and a 1932 contender for the NYSAC World Jr. Lightweight title.
Mojca Erdmann (born 29 December 1975) is a German soprano who is particularly associated with the operas of Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart.
The single was replaced in favour of a cover of “ Downtown ” former Spice Girl Emma Bunton had performed.
Ricardo Fischer (born May 16, 1991) is a Brazilian professional basketball player.
Epsilon Cephei, Latinized from ε Cephei, is a star in the northern constellation of Cepheus.
With funds received through the Works Progress Administration, the current steel bridge across the South Yamhill River was built and opened in 1939.
Major - General John Cecil Alexander Dowse (1891–1964) was an Irish - born British Army medical officer in World War I and World War II.
 The Caine Mutiny  (1954) starring Humphrey Bogart, Fred MacMurray and Van Johnson dealt with the military legal system during World War II.
The Padma Bridge is a multipurpose road - rail bridge across the Padma River under construction in Bangladesh.
Min Khin Saw was the only child born from the union of Queen Sanda Dewi and King Bayinnaung.
By this time she also sang for other Hindi films such as " Dum " and " Bunty Aur Babli ".
In October 2015, Tarantino attended a Black Lives Matter rally and publicly commented on police brutality in the United States, saying, " When I see murders, I do not stand by ...
His daughter Thora Neels - Hansson was married to Per Schwab.
Josef Welzmüller (born 10 January 1990) is a German footballer who plays as a defender for SpVgg Unterhaching.
NGC 154 is an elliptical galaxy in the Cetus constellation.
Óláfr was a member of the Crovan dynasty, and one of three sons of this family's eponymous ancestor, Guðrøðr Crovan, King of Dublin and the Isles (died 1095).
He was the first son of Rev II to Salome and brother of Trdat of Iberia.
A career diplomat, Issoze - Ngondet was Gabon's Permanent Representative to the United Nations from August 2008 to January 2009.
Cox dedicated the album to the late Trish Keenan of Broadcast, who had died earlier in 2011.
She should not be confused with Elizabeth le Despenser, Baroness Berkeley who was her great - aunt and who was the daughter of her great - grandmother, Eleanor de Clare.
210 Squadron flying Sunderlands in June 1940.Air of Authority – A History of RAF Organisation – Air Chief Marshal Sir Nigel Maynard In 1949 he was appointed Officer Commanding No.
Cornelius Dougall (7 November 1921 – 1 December 2009), commonly known as Neil Dougall, was a Scottish professional footballer who played as an inside right or wing half.
During the 1920s, MHA designed the rolling bridge over the river Dee at Queensferry, the Tyne Bridge in Newcastle and the Trent Bridge in Nottingham.
The Ohiopyle Low Bridge is a structure that carries the Great Allegheny Passage trail across the Youghiogheny River in Ohiopyle, Pennsylvania.
While he was working on Prague, Afzal got a call from Nikhil Mahajan to score for Pune 52, a 2013 Neo - noir Thriller Marathi language film.
Three - piece rock band Rush has been active in Toronto since 1968; band members Geddy Lee and Alex Lifeson grew up in the city.
He was born at Sorgenfri Palace, Sorgenfri, as the younger son of Hereditary Prince Knud by his wife and first cousin, Princess Caroline - Mathilde of Denmark.
Ni Zhiliang () (October 1900 – December 15, 1965) was a People's Republic of China diplomat and People's Liberation Army lieutenant general.
He has three children with three different wives: daughter Maria Seweryn (born 1975) with his first wife, Polish actress Krystyna Janda, and two sons, Yann - Baptiste and Maximilien.
Over the course of the trip, Erec / Geraint proves his abilities as a knight have not faded and accepts that Enide's love and loyalty are genuine, and the couple is reconciled.
 Él  (, " ") was the Spanish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1982, performed in Spanish by Lucía.
The film was earlier rumored to be a remake of Hindi blockbuster film " Dilwale Dulhania Le Jayenge ".
During the reign of King Oswiu of Northumbria, James attended the royal court, for he celebrated Easter with Oswiu's queen, Eanflæd, Edwin's daughter.
Rhodesia provided the only RAF flying ace of the Norwegian Campaign of April – June 1940, Squadron Leader Caesar Hull.
The " Sirion " name has been used on export versions of the Japanese market Daihatsu Storia (1998–2004) and Daihatsu Boon (2004–2010).
Selvaraghavan's Telugu film " Aadavari Matalaku Arthale Verule " (2007) won Trisha her third Filmfare Award.
However, the term Hindi is also used for most of the Indo - Aryan languages from Bihar to Rajasthan and, more widely, some of the Eastern and Northern dialects are called Hindo.
Appointed as a second lieutenant in the Royal Australian Engineers (RAE), Australian Imperial Force on 8 October 1915, he sailed for Egypt in November with the 5th Field Company.
NGC 163 is an elliptical galaxy in the constellation Cetus.
Jason Moore directed the first film, and Elizabeth Banks directed the second and Trish Sie directed the third film.
Doris, the wife of Nereus and mother of the Nereids;Hesiod, " Theogony " 240–264; Apollodorus, 1.2.7.
That marriage ended in 1945, and he then married Griselda Gould, daughter of the pianist Evelyn Suart (Lady Harcourt), whose other daughter Diana became Yehudi Menuhin's second wife in 1947.Naxos
In 2008, Mylan directed " Smile Pinki " a film on efforts to provide free cleft palate surgery in India.
Johnriel Casimero is a two - division world champion and the current IBF Flyweight World Champion and He is also a former IBF Junior Flyweight World Champion and a former WBO Light Flyweight Interim Champion.
The 2nd Virginia Detachment was formed out of various regiments under the 2d Virginia Regiment ’s original colonel, Brigadier General William Woodford, including elements of the 2nd Virginia Regiment.
Neorealism, or structural realism, is a theory of international relations, outlined by Kenneth Waltz in his 1979 book, " Theory of International Politics ".
Swatilekha Sengupta's daughter Sohini Sengupta would appear in a guest appearance.
Sigurður Bragason (born 16 August 1954) is an Icelandic baritone.
Christian Altinier (born 15 February 1983) is an Italian football attacker who currently plays for Reggiana.
Henry Pole was the oldest son of Sir Richard Pole and Margaret Plantagenet, daughter of George Plantagenet, 1st Duke of Clarence and his wife Isabel Neville.
It is a prominent feature on the South Bank of the River Thames near County Hall, and now forms the backdrop to the London Eye.
Qernertuarssuit is an abandoned settlement in northwestern Greenland, qulleq.gl located on one of the Qeqertat skerries in Uummannaq Fjord north of Salleq Island.
Willie McCulloch (born 2 April 1973 in Baillieston, Glasgow) is a Scottish professional football goalkeeper.
He is the grandson of former Australian Prime Minister Sir Robert Menzies and his wife, Dame Pattie Menzies.
He held increasingly higher offices during the reigns of Emperor Xuanwu and his son and successor Emperor Xiaoming.
Chris Rwabukamba (born January 5, 1987) is a professional Canadian football defensive back for the Edmonton Eskimos of the Canadian Football League (CFL).
Late in 2012, Kessler went up against Brian Magee of Northern Ireland for the WBA Super middleweight title.
Bulloch ’s half - sister Martha was the mother of U.S. President Theodore Roosevelt and grandmother of First Lady Eleanor Roosevelt.
Lois Roden's son George Roden intended to be the group's next leader and considered Koresh an interloper.
Zeta Tauri (ζ Tauri, abbreviated Zet Tau, ζ Tau) is a binary star in the zodiac constellation of Taurus, the Bull.
Along with the Italian queen Bona Sforza (second wife of Sigismund I of Poland) many Italian cooks came to Poland after 1518.
Lepidus and Junia Secunda had at least one child, Marcus Aemilius Lepidus the Younger.
Later that year, on December 10, he challenged for the IBF heavyweight title against champion Anthony Joshua in Manchester, England.
Bas Ramselaar (born 1961 in Amersfoort) is a Dutch bass singer and conductor.
Deiva Cheyal is a 1967 Indian Tamil - language film directed by M. G. Balu and produced by Sandow M. M. A. Chinnappa Thevar, who also wrote the story.
She sat out the entire 2010 season, but returned for the 2011 season and earned four podiums, which included a victory in the super - G at Altenmarkt - Zauchensee in January.
Both polls featured fellow basketball players Wilt Chamberlain (of KU, like Naismith) and Bill Russell in the Top 20.
The version of Set 1 for baritone and orchestra was premiered on January 7, 1955, by William Warfield and the Los Angeles Philharmonic, conducted by Alfred Wallenstein.
Davis returned to training camp in and competed with Brent Urban, Brandon Williams, Bronson Kaufusi, and Jonathan Freeny for the starting defensive end position.
Benjamin Spradley was an American middleweight boxer who competed in the early twentieth century.
Carns State Aid Bridge is a historic bridge that spans the Niobrara River about 10.8 miles northeast of Bassett, Nebraska.
The source of the Klosterwasser / Klóšterska woda is located in Burkau / Porchow, Germany, in the Lusatian Highlands (Lausitzer Bergland) near the Czech border.
Her releases in 2015 included " Yennai Arindhaal " opposite Ajith Kumar, " Thoongavanam " with Kamal Haasan, " Bhooloham " with Jayam Ravi in Tamil.
He is the eldest son of actor and director Leo Penn and actress Eileen Ryan, and the brother of actors Sean Penn and Chris Penn.
The film is a remake of the blockbuster Tamil film " Sandakozhi " directed by N. Linguswamy starring Rajkiran, Vishal and Meera Jasmine.
It was one of the oldest scientific journals in chemistry, until it merged with " Recueil des Travaux Chimiques des Pays - Bas " to form " Chemische Berichte / Recueil " in 1997.
Masaryk was born in Vienna, Austria as the first child to the future founder and first president of Czechoslovakia, Tomáš Garrigue Masaryk (Thomas Masaryk) and his US American wife Charlotte Garrigue.
Towards the end of July 1013, the Dane Sweyn Forkbeard, together with his son and heir Canute, arrived in Gainsborough with an army of conquest.
The street is named after Bertrand du Guesclin (1320 - 1380), a Constable of France.
Harry Danner is an American operatic tenor and actor of stage, screen, and film.
Arab Udupi Group is a group of restaurants serving Indian food in the Persian Gulf area of the Middle East, specifically the United Arab Emirates (UAE).
Endemic to New Guinea where it is widespread in the lowlands and hills up to 550 m. It has been recorded from Boigu Island, Queensland, Australian territory in north - western Torres Strait.
John Bolling was the son of Colonel Robert Bolling and Jane (née Rolfe) Bolling.
The news program replaced the network's longest - running English language news program NewsWatch.
His daughter Mary Soames was then in a Croydon maternity hospital about to give birth (to her son Nicholas), bringing the campaign positive publicity.
In 2016, Makabe, along with Hiroshi Tanahashi, appeared in " Garo: Ashura ", the 10th anniversary special of the Japanese " tokusatsu " series " Garo ".
It was during this period that she began her rivalry with the soprano Julie Dorus - Gras, who had come to Lille to sing Alice in Meyerbeer's " Robert le diable ".
(Maria) Josepha Weber (later Josepha Hofer, Josepha Meier; 1758 – December 29, 1819) was a German soprano of the classical era.
When Moravian settlers arrived in Bethabara, North Carolina, in 1753, they gave this name to the land they acquired, because it resembled the Wachau valley along the Danube River.
Owing to the difficult terrain, the project involves a large number of bridges (including two over the Yangtze River: the Wanzhou Railway Bridge and the Yichang Railway Bridge) and tunnels.
It is coterminous with Silino Island and is located off Tagolo Point, the northern entrance point to Dapitan Bay, and some east of the island of Aliguay in the Bohol Sea.
After early fights which included two draws and two wins against Curly Watson, Sullivan fought Tom Thomas for the British middleweight title in November 1910, winning a 20-round points decision.
Two of his latest novels within the " Star Wars " universe include " Labyrinth of Evil " and " ".
The Port of Hull is a port at the confluence of the River Hull and the Humber Estuary in Kingston upon Hull, East Riding of Yorkshire, England.
(In 1958, Mattiwilda Dobbs had sung Elvira, the secondary lead soprano role in Rossini's " L'italiana in Algeri ".)
Meagan Miller is an American soprano with an active international career in opera, recital and concert.
NGC 986 is a barred spiral galaxy located in the constellation of Fornax, located about 56 million light - years away.
The abbey was founded by Itta of Metz, the widow of Pepin of Landen, Mayor of the Palace of the Kingdom of Austrasia, with their daughter, Gertrude of Nivelles.
The Journal of Popular Culture, Volume 3The Haight - Ashbury: A History; Perry, Charles.
His mother is Sheikha Fatima bint Mubarak Al Ketbi and he has five full - brothers: Crown Prince Mohammed, Hazza, Tahnoun, Mansour, and Abdullah.
Nigel Randell Evans was the eldest son of Air Chief Marshal Sir Donald Randell Evans (1912 - 1975) and Pauline Evans.
King George Boulevard begins at the south end of the Pattullo Bridge and runs through the Bridgeview neighbourhood of north Surrey, on the south bank of the Fraser River.
Josef Německý (December 6, 1900 – June 10, 1943) was a Czechoslovakian cross country skier who competed in the 1924 Winter Olympics and in the 1928 Winter Olympics.
In 2007, he played in all 16 games and started 2 at center for Andre Gurode.
Dannatt's evidence was followed by that of his predecessor as CGS, General Sir Mike Jackson.
Guion is a cousin of former Buffalo Bills linebacker Sam Barrington.
The same applies to Kim Jong - il's father, Kim Il - sung, who ruled North Korea from 1948 to 1994.
She was the sister of Johann Albert Heinrich Reimarus and the daughter of Hermann Samuel Reimarus.
To prevent ongoing hostilities, the United Nations passed United Nations Security Council (UNSC) resolutions 425 and 426, activating the United Nations Interim Force in Lebanon (UNIFIL).
1 p. 252 . under the command of Brigadier General Clement Leslie Smith VC.
The album spawned two more singles such as " Love in the Key of C " and " California ".
He was appointed CDS in July 2013, following the retirement of General Sir David Richards.
Catherine Bott (born 11 September 1952) is a British soprano and a baroque specialist.
Claudio Vellutini of Mundoclasico.com stated " American tenor Roy Cornelius Smith took over the demanding role of Dick Johnson.
On August 25, 2013, Taguchi defended the Japanese Light Flyweight title against Naoya Inoue, but lost by twelfth round unanimous decision.
The novel, which has been compared to Homeland (TV series), looks at the complex consequences of the War on Terror.
She is the daughter of Ray Lenhart and Cheryl Saban, the stepdaughter of Haim Saban, and the sister of Heidi Lenhart.
In 2006, Gonzalez broke wide receiver Otis Taylor's Chiefs team receiving yards and touchdowns mark, and also passed running back Priest Holmes for the team yards from scrimmage record.
Brigadier General Neil Douglas Findlay (7 May 1859 – 10 September 1914) was a British Army general.
Sofia Coppola was born in New York City, New York, the youngest child and only daughter of set decorator / artist Eleanor Coppola (née Neil) and director Francis Ford Coppola.
Later nicknamed " Bloody Mary " for her actions against Protestants, she was the daughter of Catherine of Aragon; she remained loyal to Rome and sought to restore the Roman Church in England.
She was the daughter of the famed soldier Walter, Lord Mauny and Margaret, daughter of Thomas, Earl of Norfolk, and later Duchess of Norfolk in her own right.
Initially, Northern Zhou continued to detain Chen Xu's wife Liu Jingyan and son Chen Shubao, but after further negotiations, Northern Zhou released them as well.
The Toston Bridge is a site on the National Register of Historic Places spanning the Missouri River, on an abandoned segment of old U.S. Route 287, at Toston, Montana.
On 4 April 2014 Frampton faced the Mexican Hugo Cazares at the Odyssey Arena in a final eliminator for Leo Santa Cruz's WBC super - bantamweight World Championship.
The x86 architecture was clearly emerging as the dominant architecture but the expensive user / supervisor transition latency on the 386 and 486 presented serious challenges for process - based isolation.
 Stylus Magazine  suggested that acts were influenced by the work of Roxy Music and Bryan Ferry's mid-1980s albums, " Bête Noire " and " Boys and Girls ".
40–41, 158 Șerban continued to serve under Michael the Brave and his son Nicolae Pătrașcu, selling his estates at Seaca de Pădure and Segarcea to the former . Donat, pp.
Hortense, a daughter of the Empress Josephine, married Louis Bonaparte and became the mother of Napoleon III.
There he was eliminated in the quarterfinals of the men's flyweight division (– 51   kg) by eventual gold medalist Georgi Kostadinov from Bulgaria.
In the 11th century the manor of " Luvechenora " was held by Edith of Wessex, who in 1045 became queen consort of Edward the Confessor.
Caversham Bridge is a bridge across the River Thames between Caversham and the town centre of Reading.
 Simpsorama  is the sixth episode of the twenty - sixth season of the animated television series " The Simpsons ", and the 558th episode of the series overall.
Cross Country: Angela won the NCAA Cross Country national title with a personal best and new school record of 19:46.
She qualified for the free skate at four ISU Championships – 1988 Worlds in Budapest, 1987 Europeans in Sarajevo, 1988 Europeans in Prague, and 1989 Europeans in Birmingham.
After his exceptional year in 2012, Van Gerwen entered the 2013 World Championship as the second favourite behind Phil Taylor.
Switching to rugby league in England in 1951, he played with Championship side Leigh.
Daniel Dubec (born 29 January 1998) is a Slovak footballer who plays as a forward for Poprad.
Deathstroke doubts Rose ’s readiness to work with him and plans to disown her after she hesitates and is unable to kill Deathstroke ’s son Jericho (when he possesses Beast Boy's body).
Christina would marry twice, first to Francis II, Duke of Milan, and secondly to Francis I, Duke of Lorraine.
Plowman married actor Toby Stephens, who is the son of actors Dame Maggie Smith and the late Sir Robert Stephens, in London, in 2001.
He is the son of Yaroslav Antonov, a former Russian volleyball player, a 1988 Summer Olympics silver medalist for the Soviet Union.
Both the United Kingdom and the Solomon Islands are members of the Commonwealth of Nations, and participate in events such as the Commonwealth Games.
The latter became the nickname of Squadron Leader Basil Gerald " Stapme " Stapleton, a Battle of Britain fighter pilot, because it was his favourite comic strip.
The station is a major node in the Zürich S - Bahn system, served by lines S3, S5, S6, S7, S9, S11, S12, S15 and S16.
Lockhart was the husband of Kathleen Lockhart, the father of June Lockhart and the grandfather of Anne Lockhart.
Her Tamil debut happens to be Panjumittai in which she is the female lead and opposite to Ma Ka Pa Anand.
He was the son of dancers Pandit Uday Shankar and Amala Shankar and the nephew of the sitar maestro Ravi Shankar.
His grandfather was Lieutenant - General John Clavering, who had served as Commander - in - Chief, India, from 1774.
His father married Zenani Mandela, born 1958, the elder daughter of Nelson and his (second) former wife, Winnie Mandela.
He was re - elected at the 2010, 2012 and 2015 regional elections, the latter as a Junts pel Sí (JxSí) electoral alliance candidate.
USF men's soccer began NCAA play in 1965 under Coach Dan Holcomb.
Across the Monongahela River to the north, McKeesport runs adjacent with Duquesne (direct connection via McKeesport - Duquesne Bridge), West Mifflin, and Dravosburg (direct connection via W.D.
Eric was the eldest son of Albert, King of Sweden, and Queen Richardis, a daughter of Count Otto I of Schwerin.
Eagles guitarist Joe Walsh contributed guitar on this song.
Still others say that despite Diomedes's noble treatment of her son Aeneas, Aphrodite never managed to forget about the Argive spear that had once pierced her flesh in the fields of Troy.
HD 179079 b is an extrasolar planet which orbits the G - type subgiant star HD 179079, located approximately 208 light years away in the constellation Aquila.
The Jesse Stuart Memorial Bridge is a viaduct bridge on top of the Greenup Lock and Dam on the Ohio River.
The completed part of the Ring Road included the cable - stayed Bolshoy Obukhovsky Bridge, the only non - bascule bridge across the main branch of the Neva River.
 Electric  is an English language single by Swedish pop / synth rock band Melody Club, taken from their 2002 debut album " Music Machine ".
NGC 212 is a lenticular galaxy located approximately 369 million light - years from the Solar System in the constellation Phoenix.
She is named after Aldebaran, a star of the first magnitude in the constellation Taurus.
His father was a US naval officer and hydrologist, Lieutenant Commander William Pope McArthur, and his mother was Mary Stone (Young) McArthur . Lewis Linn McArthur (1843–1897).
Jack's light heavyweight goal was to challenge WBC champion Adonis Stevenson, after Cleverly.
The women's 3000 m team pursuit track cycling discipline was introduced by the UCI at the 2007–08 track cycling season.
The Arch Bridge leads from North Walpole across the Connecticut River to the village of Bellows Falls in Vermont.
He received the Golden Leopard at the 2014 Locarno International Film Festival for " From What Is Before ".
During the filming of " Asi " he starred opposite Beren Saat in the movie " Güz sancisi " about Istanbul pogrom.
Gene Bradley (born November 26, 1957) is a former American football quarterback who played two seasons with the New Jersey Generals of the United States Football League.
Beale was a son of Edith Ewing Bouvier Beale and a brother of Edith Bouvier Beale whose lives were highlighted in the documentary " Grey Gardens ".
Rashad Whack (born January 22, 1991) is an American professional basketball player who last played for Grindavík in the Úrvalsdeild karla.
Since its publication in 1972 and revision in 1979, " The Slave Community " has influenced subsequent historiographical works on slavery in the United States.
He lost the 1961, 1964 and 1967 elections to the incumbent Liberal Premier, Henry Bolte, with the electoral assistance of the Democratic Labor Party, which directed its preferences to the Liberals.
Terence Robinson (born 8 November 1929) is an English retired amateur football centre back who played in the Football League for Brentford, Blackpool and Northampton Town.
Chon Wolson (Tachikawa, Tokyo, Japan, 1959–) is a soprano opera singer in Japan and a Member of the Nikikai Opera Company.
The 1966 Washington Huskies football team was an American football team that represented the University of Washington during the 1966 college football season.
Justinian II was eldest son of Emperor Constantine IV and Anastasia . Kazhdan, pg.
Katsuyori incurred the wrath of the Hōjō family by helping Uesugi Kagekatsu against Uesugi Kagetora who was Hōjō Ujiyasu's seventh son, adopted by and heir to Uesugi Kenshin.
Bhavanarayana, producer of " Meghasandesham " suggested Dukkipati Madhusudhana Rao to watch the Bengali film " Agni Pariksha " (1954).
Admiral Sir Astley Cooper Key (18 January 18213 March 1888) was a Royal Navy officer.
Dylan and Caitlin brought up their three children, Aeronwy, Llewellyn and Colm.
Captain Lionel Queripel, from the Royal Sussex was awarded the Victoria Cross posthumously, during the Battle of Arnhem.
Bestia 666, son of Damián 666, was later added to the group.
 The Scimitar  is the seventh episode of the second season of the American crime drama " The Blacklist ".
Friends of the Earth Europe (FoEE) is the European branch of the world's largest grassroots environmental network, Friends of the Earth International (FOEI).
The village is named after the bridge over the River Eamont and straddles the boundary between the ancient counties of Cumberland and Westmorland.
Anthony Derek Gardner (born 19 September 1980) is an English former professional footballer who played as a centre back.
However, Proton has renewed cross - licensing and technology transfer agreements with Mitsubishi as of October 2008, and a Proton Waja replacement called the Proton Inspira.
Susanne Klatten (born Susanne Hanna Ursula Quandt on 28 April 1962) is a German heiress, the daughter of Herbert and Johanna Quandt.
General Sir Antony Read died on 22 September 2000.
NGC 198 is a spiral galaxy located in the constellation Pisces.
During the Second Boer War one gun was brought ashore from HMS " Terrible " in Natal in February 1900 at the request of General Buller, presumably in response to the failure at Colenso.
Iwona Sobotka (born in Mława, October 19, 1981) is a Polish soprano and Grand Prix Winner of the Queen Elizabeth Music Competition.
It carries a section of Line 7 of the Seoul Subway, between Cheongdam Station and Ttukseom Resort Station, on its underside, making it the first " duplex bridge " in South Korea.
The division was deployed within Army Group North under the overall command of Generalfeldmarschall Wilhelm Ritter von Leeb, and engaged in several battles against the Red Army near Leningrad.
Sima Maoying was the daughter of Emperor Gong and his wife, Chu Lingyuan.
On 24 July 1592, she married as his first wife, Archibald Campbell, 7th Earl of Argyll, the son of Colin Campbell, 6th Earl of Argyll and Agnes Keith.
A total of 76 teams participated in the 2011–12 Champions League from 52 UEFA associations (Liechtenstein organises no domestic league competition).
In 1616, Samuel More accused his wife of adultery and, at the direction of his father, Richard, devised a plan to rid himself of Katherine and the children.
Corporal Charles Brown captured a large sujagi, for this he received the Medal of Honor.
While Hamilton is working at home, Eliza reminds him that Philip, their son, is turning nine years old.
He married in 1356 Elisabeth of Meissen, daughter of Frederick II, Margrave of Meissen and Matilda of Bavaria.
Made up of Team Dresch guitarist and frontwoman Kaia Wilson, bassist Alison Martlew, and drummer Melissa York, The Butchies has been referred to as " queercore crusaders.
Mohsen Hojaji () (1991–2017) was an IRGC adviser to the pro - government forces in Syria during the Syrian Civil War.
The umpire for the race was Frank Willan who won the event four consecutive times, rowing for Oxford in the 1866, 1867, 1868 and 1869 races . Burnell, pp.
Walid Abbas () (born 11 June 1985) is an Emirati from Bloushi descent professional association football player who plays as a defender for Shabab Al - Ahli.
He was elected to 1st and 2nd Lok Sabha from Midinipur and to 3rd Lok Sabha   from Jhargram (Lok Sabha constituency).
The current bridge replaced the original Gladesville Bridge (Parramatta River Bridge), which was opened on 1 February 1881.
Jean Delarge (1906 – 1977) was a Belgian welterweight professional boxer who competed in the 1920s.
The following year, he married the Viennese actress Marie Anne Jacquet (1753–1804); their daughter was Antonie Adamberger, later a popular actress.
Andrey Matveyevich Andreyev (Russian: Андрей Матвеевич Андреев; 30 October-17 November 1983) was a Soviet Army Colonel general and Hero of the Soviet Union.
His father was a US naval officer and hydrologist, Lieutenant Commander William Pope McArthur, and his mother was Mary Stone (Young) McArthur . Lewis Linn McArthur (1843–1897).
 Allosaurus , which accounted for 70 to 75% of theropod specimens and was at the top trophic level of the Morrison food web.
Gabriel Bacquier (born 17 May 1924) is a French operatic baritone.
After his death, the Emperor enfeoffed Thuringia to Henry III, the son of his sister Jutta.
Manuel Benetti (born 27 January 1981) is an Italian former professional footballer who plays as a defender for Italian Serie D club Sarego.
In order to create the Nixon scene, the production crew used a real clip of Nixon, his wife, and daughter.
Enigmatic forward Nikolay Zherdev and Dan Fritsche were traded to the New York Rangers in exchange for defensemen Fedor Tyutin and Christian Backman.
Lambda Telescopii (λ Telescopii) is a solitary, white - hued star in the southern constellation of Telescopium.
In November 1967 he stopped Hugh Baxter in an eliminator for the British junior lightweight title, going on to challenge champion Jimmy Anderson in February 1968.
Álvarez was originally set to fight Ring Top 10 super welterweight, and former Welterweight Champion, Paul Williams on September 15, 2012.
The civil war was triggered by an attempted coup d'état against the government of President João Bernardo Vieira led by Brigadier - General Ansumane Mané in June 1998.
The Deep Six is a 1958 Warner Bros. World War II drama film directed by Rudolph Maté, loosely based on a novel of the same name by Martin Dibner.
She was a lifelong friend of Palestinian poet and nationalist Raymonda Tawil, mother of Suha Arafat, who in 1990 became wife of PLO leader Yasser Arafat.
 Hot Bubblegum  (Hebrew: " Shifshuf Naim ") is the third film in the Lemon Popsicle trilogy, set in Tel Aviv and released in 1981.
In April, " Komdiv " Vasily Chuikov took command of the corps.
Liu Bian's mother, Lady He, became empress in 180.
Newland is a village in the Forest of Dean in Gloucestershire, England.
He was also a distant relative of Diana, Princess of Wales, as both belonged to the Spencer family, and of the Vanderbilt family through his paternal grandmother, Consuelo Vanderbilt.
Dimitar Mitov (born 22 January 1997) is a Bulgarian footballer who plays for Cambridge United as a goalkeeper.
The nominal commander in chief of the Bulgarian Army was Tsar Ferdinand I but de facto its control and leadership were initially in the hands of his deputy Lieutenant - General Mihail Savov.
From " Reputation ", two promotional singles, " Gorgeous " and " Call It What You Want " were released.
Beyoncé's mother - manager Tina Knowles said that " Dangerously in Love " showcases her musical roots.
During World War II, while serving in the Royal Canadian Air Force, Gavin Creed published " For Freedom " (1942).Doull Books, Halifax: " For Freedom ", (about)
His grandparents were the painters Jan van Os and Susanna de la Croix.
Through this lake its waters reach the Pötenitzer Wiek, a bay of the Trave river, the Priwall Peninsula and Mecklenburg, where the Stepenitz discharges into the Trave at sea level.
Jean Cox (January 16, 1922   – June 24, 2012) was an American tenor.
Located on southwestern Mount Desert Island, Tremont is beside Blue Hill Bay and the Atlantic Ocean.
The Cap Sizun reaches out into the Atlantic Ocean, bordered to the north by the baie de Douarnenez, and to the south by the baie d'Audierne.
Terzijski Bridge is a famous stone bridge built across the Erenik river 1730.
Luise Willer (1888–1970) was a German operatic contralto.
However, he was knocked out by the former WBA flyweight champion Bernabe Villacampo with a body blow in the fourth round in March 1978.
In " Avengers: Age of Ultron ", the Avengers fight Ultron, an artificial intelligence obsessed with causing human extinction.
The film features actor Ben Stiller, his sister Amy Stiller and their parents, Jerry Stiller and Anne Meara.
The organization was registered in June 1979, naming Lt . General Mompati Merafhe as its president.
Rinehart was a son of mystery writer Mary Roberts Rinehart, a brother of publisher Stanley Rinehart, Jr., and a brother of producer and playwright Alan Rinehart.
Tau² Eridani (τ² Eridani, abbreviated Tau² Eri, τ² Eri), also named Angetenar, is a star in the constellation of Eridanus.
151–152 On February 9, Elisabeth arrived to Kraków and was met by Casimir and his mother Sophia of Halshany.
David Hurn (born 21 July 1934) is a British documentary photographer and member of Magnum Photos.
It was built by Hamilton McKown Twombly and his wife, Florence Adele Vanderbilt, a member of the Vanderbilt family.
The most famous members of the family are Will Smith and his wife Jada, their children Jaden and Willow, and Will's son from his first marriage, Trey Smith.
I-40 enters Tennessee from Arkansas via the six lane Hernando de Soto Bridge, which spans the Mississippi River at river mile 736.
Vik Bansal of musicOMH compared Evanescence's own song " Going Under " with " Bring Me to Life ", noting their similarity to Linkin Park's material.
The Haliç Bridge is a highway bridge on the Golden Horn in Istanbul, Turkey.
He defeated future champion Elio Rojas by split decision, handing the Dominican fighter his first loss, in a WBC Featherweight Title Eliminator.
The El Ferdan Railway Bridge across the Suez Canal of Egypt is the record span bridge.
Air Marshal Sir Richard John Kemball, (born 31 January 1939) is a former Royal Air Force officer who became Deputy Commander of Strike Command.
Over the two EuroBasket tournaments of 1987 and 1989, Greece had a total of four wins against the Soviet Union (twice) and Yugoslavia (twice).
NGC 210 is a barred spiral galaxy located roughly 67 million light - years from the Solar System in the constellation Cetus.
Albert Vaguet (15 June 1865 – 22 February 1943) was a French opera singer (tenor).
Chattaniki Kallu Levu () is a 1981 Telugu - language film directed by S. A. Chandrasekhar.
The cuckoo wrasse (" Labrus mixtus ") is a species of wrasse native to the eastern Atlantic Ocean from Norway to Senegal, including the Azores and Madeira.
Being born in Milan, Lombardy, Auguste was the eldest son of Eugène de Beauharnais, Napoleon I's stepson, and Princess Augusta of Bavaria.
NGC 216 is a lenticular galaxy located approximately 68.8 million light - years from the Sun in the constellation Cetus.
Since then, Metal Blade has re - released " The Bastard ", " The August Engine ", " The Locust Years ", and " Fields / Church of Broken Glass ".
Haitham Simreen (born 1 January 1977) is a retired Jordanian footballer of Palestinian origin, who was a Defender for Al - Wehdat and the Jordan national football team.
His book " On Food and Cooking " has won numerous awards and is used widely in food science courses at many universities.
She married Lu Jing, who was born to Lu Kang and another daughter of Zhang Cheng; both Sun He's daughter and Lu Jing therefore were Zhang Cheng's maternal grandchildren.
The Kjøllsæter Bridge (Norwegian " Kjøllsæterbrua ") is a 158-metre - long (518   ft) wooden bridge that crosses the river Renaelva in Åmot, Hedmark in Norway.
The following year saw her work extensively in many projects including the Tamil musical hit " Geethanjali " opposite actor Murali.
Vilém Heš (3 June 1860, Týnec nad Labem - 4 January 1908, Vienna) was a Czech operatic bass.
Her parents, Fernando Guillén and Gemma Cuervo, and her brother, Fernando are also actors.
NGC 20 is a lenticular galaxy located in the Andromeda constellation.
Gresham was first elected to Parliament in the 1990 elections as MP for Waitotara, and then re - elected in the 1993 elections.
Katie Holmes reprised her role as Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis, while Matthew Perry played Ted Kennedy, Alexander Siddig appeared as Aristotle Onassis and Kristen Hager as Joan Bennett Kennedy, Ted's wife.
Kribi Airport is a public use airport located southeast of Kribi, on the Gulf of Guinea, in the Océan Department, Sud Region, Cameroon.
She Osiecka and her partner, the famous journalist Daniel Passent, had their only child, a daughter, Agata, in 1973.
(Route 161 was touted as a western bypass of Richmond's Lee Bridge in its early pre - Interstate Highway years, using the privately owned Boulevard Bridge to cross the James River.
Most continents were merged into the supercontinent Pangaea, and there was a single global ocean, Panthalassa.
NGC 321 is a barred spiral galaxy located in the constellation Cetus.
Rise Against was formed in 1999, by bassist Joe Principe and guitarist Dan Wleklinski.
 Core  was a big success, producing hits " Sex Type Thing ", " Plush ", " Creep ", and " Wicked Garden ".
Heavyweight boxing champion William Harrison " Jack " Dempsey was a mucker in the Portland Mine.
On 6 July 2017 at Wimbledon, Hantuchová announced her retirement from professional tennis.
A few months later, Queen Joan of Évreux gave birth to a daughter, Blanche.
The video clip was influenced by the film, " The Deer Hunter ", it included a cameo by Garry Gary Beers of INXS and was directed by Richard Lowenstein.
Natalia Troitskaya (1951 – 9 April 2006) was a Russian operatic soprano who had a major international career during the 1980s and early 1990s.
Their Grand - Masters are Duarte Pio, Duke of Braganza and Isabel, Duchess of Braganza.
Alonso de Mendoza is a station on Line 12 of the Madrid Metro.
In " Jews Against Zionism ", Kolsky describes the history of the American Council for Judaism, an organization specifically created to fight against both Zionism and a Jewish state.
Every other song were purely written and recorded in English language, making it her third Bilingual record after " Uncontrolled " (2012) and " Feel " (2013).
New Bridge Road was built in 1842, after George Drumgoole Coleman's new bridge, Coleman Bridge, had been built in 1840 over the Singapore River.
His daughter, Elizabeth Brooke, married Sir Thomas Wyatt.
It was formally dedicated in an impressive ceremony in August 1912 by Canada's Governor General the Duke of Connaught who was also Queen Victoria's son Prince Arthur.
He married the singer Rocío Jurado, with whom he had a daughter, Rocío Carrasco.
It was named by the FIDS after the constellation Gemini, which contains the twin stars Castor and Pollux.
He is a son of Enlil and Ninlil, along with Nanna and Ninurta.
Isaiah Irving (born June 9, 1994) is an American football linebacker for the Chicago Bears of the National Football League (NFL).
Berde's first Hindi film was Sooraj Barjatya's " Maine Pyar Kiya " starring Salman Khan in 1989.
Bonebrake of the band X and Matt Freeman of the band Rancid.
Qutlugh Nigar Khanum was born a princess of Moghulistan and was the second daughter of Yunus Khan, the Great Khan of Moghulistan, and his chief consort Aisan Daulat Begum.
His second marriage on 4 January 1921 in Bad Godesberg to Magda Ritschel produced another son, Harald Quandt.
Melaina was loved by Apollo, bearing him Delphos (although another tradition names Thyia as the mother of Delphos).
Since 1961, he started acting in English language films, which include " The Householder " and " Shakespeare - Wallah ".
In " 52 " #16 (2006), he appears as a guest of the wedding of reformed Marvel Family villain Black Adam and his bride Isis.
Grigori Panteleimonov (, 17 December 1883, Balta, Ukraine – 21 October 1934) was a Russian sport shooter who competed in the 1912 Summer Olympics.
Christopher Pérez (born May 28, 1990 in Culiacán, Sinaloa, Mexico) is an undefeated Mexican professional boxer in the Featherweight division.
The 1988 ITV mini - series " Piece of Cake ", an aerial drama about a fictional Second World War RAF fighter squadron in 1940, features the battle.
It is named for General Jesse L. Reno, who died at the Battle of South Mountain in the American Civil War.
However, the director, Léon Pillet, objected to an opera without a prominent role for his mistress, mezzo - soprano Rosine Stoltz.
In May 2008, he became Commandant Air Cadets, replacing Air Commodore Gordon Moulds.
In the epic Mahabharata, Chitrāngada (चित्रांगद), is the elder son of Shantanu and Satyavati.
The 1982 Men's Hockey Champions Trophy was the 4th edition of the Hockey Champions Trophy men's field hockey tournament.
Upper Hack Lift is a lift bridge carrying the New Jersey Transit Main Line across the Hackensack River at mile 6.9 between Secaucus, New Jersey and Lyndhurst.
On the 15th, she embarked Crown Princess Märtha, and her three children, the Princesses Ragnhild and Astrid, and Crown Prince Harald.
Trollsletta is a coastal plain on the North Arctic Ocean island of Jan Mayen.
On September 10, 1882, Fola La Follette was born the first child to lawyer and women's suffrage leader Belle Case La Follette and progressive politician Robert La Follette in Madison, Wisconsin.
The son of actress Joan Blondell and cinematographer George Barnes, he was adopted by his mother's second husband, Dick Powell in February 1938 under the name Norman Scott Powell.
The destroyer escort USS " Haynes " (DE-181) was portrayed by the, filmed in the Pacific Ocean near Oahu, Hawaii.
His latest work is a documentary about The Pirate Bay called " TPB AFK ".
One of the attractions of Ahmedabad City, the Patang Revolving Restaurant is situated near Nehru Bridge on the banks of Sabarmati River.
Her siblings included Georg, Prince of Schaumburg - Lippe and Prince Adolf of Schaumburg - Lippe, husband of Princess Viktoria of Prussia.
Carl Johanneson (born 1 August 1978) is an English former super featherweight boxer.
Charles Gorham Getchell (August 14, 1920 – July 7, 1980) was an American professional basketball and American football player.
His wife Margaret Raine Hunt wrote several works of fiction; and one of her daughters, Violet Hunt, was known as a novelist.
On June 30, 1996, Junák - svaz skautů a skautek ČR was welcomed as the 141st member of the World Organization of the Scout Movement.
An army was raised by king Ferdinand I of Naples to be led by his son Alfonso, Duke of Calabria.
Blake Caparello (born 30 August 1986) is an Australian Light Heavyweight professional boxer.
In charge of the event was Air Vice - Marshal David Murray.
US   75 and US   30 entered Iowa via the Ak - Sar - Ben Bridge over the Missouri River.
In films, Mandlekar is active as an actor and a writer, having starred in Marathi movies like " Zenda ", " Morya " or " Gajaar: Journey of the Soul ".
The Route took ships south from the Cape into the Roaring Forties, then east across the Indian Ocean, before turning northwest for Java.
The army of King Kavantissa found bee honey in a canoe near the seashore, for Viharamahadevi who was pregnant with the prince Dutugamunu.
David Pomeroy (born 11 September 1973) is a Canadian operatic tenor.
DeMarcus Robinson (September 21, 1994) is an American football wide receiver for the Kansas City Chiefs of the National Football League (NFL).
Martina Pavić (born 27 October 1988) is a Croatian handballer who plays for Kastamonu Bld.
The first Telugu film with audible dialogue, " Bhakta Prahlada ", was produced by H.M. Reddy, who directed the first South Indian talkie Kalidas (1931).
Marko Jošilo (, born 16 October 1992) is a Serbian - Bosnian professional basketball player, currently playing as a forward for Krka of the Slovenian League.
ABC's " The Day After " (1983), PBS's " Testament " (1983), and the BBC's " Threads " (1984) depicted nuclear World War III.
One of Jamie's renegade duplicates later searches with Siryn for the runaway New Mutants Sunspot and Warlock.
In 1928, Zeng was married to Ye Jianying, a Communist general, Marshal of the People's Liberation Army.
Among his children was Walter Schindler, who became a vice admiral in the United States Navy.
Johnny Kirkland (Connery) is a university student having problems with his alcoholic and emotionally damaged mother (Cilento), who was recently divorced.
In 1837 he was appointed bridgemaster for the Hundred of Lonsdale South of the Sands, and in 1839 he supervised the repair of Skerton Bridge over the River Lune in Lancaster.
The exploitation of the railway bridge over the Nemunas river started on 4 February 1862.
151–152 On February 9, Elisabeth arrived to Kraków and was met by Casimir and his mother Sophia of Halshany.
Lieutenant General Sir Harry Edward de Robillard Wetherall (1889–1979) was an officer in the British Army during the First and Second World Wars.
Ronja Savolainen (born November 29, 1997) is a Finnish ice hockey player for Luleå HF and the Finnish national team.
Beijing National Stadium hosted the Opening and Closing Ceremonies, athletic events, and football final of the 2008 Summer Olympics from 8 to 24 August 2008.
He has competed in three consecutive games where he won a gold medal in 1980 and silver in 1984.
After Minnie's death, Edgar married actress Moyna Macgill and became the father of Angela Lansbury.
Ehle is married to English actress Rosemary Harris, and is the father of actress Jennifer Ehle.
Marcus Crandell (born June 1, 1974) is a former professional Canadian football quarterback who is currently the offensive coordinator of the Saskatchewan Huskies of the University of Saskatchewan.
In Greece, after all attempts to form a government failed following the parliamentary election in May 2012, a new second election in mid - June had to be announced.
Craig Charron (November 15, 1967 – October 19, 2010) was a professional ice hockey center from North Easton, Massachusetts.
The group was named after its leader Korvettenkapitän Günther Prien.
California longhorn cattle were given as a gift to Hawaiian King Kamehameha I by British Captain George Vancouver in 1793.
He also appeared in the film " The Last Escape ", in which he played a British spy in Bavaria in World War Two.
Major - General Alexander Vass Anderson (17 November 1895 – 17 October 1963) was a senior British Army officer of the Second World War.
Holmes' first starring role post-"Dawson's Creek " was in 2003's " Pieces of April ", a gritty comedy about a dysfunctional family on Thanksgiving.
Her other older sister Isabella was also a successful soprano and the wife of composer John Frederick Lampe.
It was established by King Friedrich Wilhelm III of Prussia in March 1813 backdated to the birthday of his late wife Queen Louise on 10 March 1813 during the Napoleonic Wars (EK 1813).
It then crossed the Indian Ocean, passing St. Pierre Island, Providence Atoll and Farquhar Atoll of Seychelles before making landfall in southeastern Australia.
The Chow Chow Bridge was an early, wooden cable - stayed bridge crossing the Quinault River on the Quinault Indian Reservation near Taholah, Grays Harbor County, Washington.
This battle took place on 31 July 1712 southeast of Rügen, in the Baltic Sea, during the Great Northern War.
Apart from being the most northerly discovered Copper Age site in Portugal, it went through two main building phases: an import - oriented phase and the second associated with the Beaker culture.
Most took their inspiration from the 2001 Ben Stiller film " Zoolander " and primarily satirized the fashion industry.
In the Neolithic period in Southeast Europe were founded major cultures like Vinča, Varna, Starčevo.
As Luna's father Quicksilver has strong ties to the X - Men and her mother Crystal is a member of the Avengers, both teams become involved in the Genoshan conflict.
In early September, however, shortly after returning to England, Berney - Ficklin became GOC of the 48th Infantry (Reserve) Division, succeeding Major General Hayman Hayman - Joyce.
The opera was commissioned by Empress Maria Theresa to celebrate the marriage of her son Leopold to Maria Luisa of Spain.
At the Yalta Conference in February 1945, Stalin agreed to Allied pleas to enter World War II's Pacific Theater within three months of the end of the war in Europe.
Bevan Fransman (born 31 October 1983 in Cape Town, Western Cape) is a South African footballer, currently playing as a centre back for Maritzburg United F.C.
Freedman oversaw the design and construction of the Naval Academy Bridge that crosses the Severn River in Annapolis, Maryland.
It is similar to another BBC series, " Animal Park ", filmed at Longleat Safari Park.
He served under his uncle, Admiral Lord Keith, in the Mediterranean Fleet and during the capture of the Cape of Good Hope from the Dutch.
It seems first to have been used about 1850 and was associated with the contralto and composer Charlotte Dolby, later Sainton - Dolby (1821–85).
I-5 enters Washington at the Interstate Bridge over the Columbia River between Portland and Vancouver.
Rhodesia provided the only RAF flying ace of the Norwegian Campaign of April – June 1940, Squadron Leader Caesar Hull.
Following " Elephants Dream ", " Big Buck Bunny ", " Sintel ", and " Tears of Steel ", the short movie is the fifth movie project from the Blender Foundation.
He constructed the first Conowingo Bridge in 1818 and rebuilt Theodore Burr's Port Deposit Bridge in 1824, both crossings of the Susquehanna River in Maryland.
This species was described from Santa Maria, Luanda, Angola in the Atlantic Ocean.
The Igbo language was used by John Goldsmith as an example to justify deviating from the classical linear model of phonology as laid out in " The Sound Pattern of English ".
During a raid on Plains, Georgia, Moss kills Jimmy Carter, a young Confederate naval officer in front of his mother on leave trying to rally the townspeople against the raiding blacks.
NGC 380 is an elliptical galaxy located in the constellation Pisces.
Vulcano () is a small volcanic island in the Tyrrhenian Sea, about north of Sicily and located at the southernmost end of the eight Aeolian Islands.
Due to a bizarre custom wherein Warlock was expected to kill his father, Warlock instead fled to Earth and joined the New Mutants.
Clytemnestra and Aegisthus had three children: Aletes, Erigone, and Helen who died as an infant.
The Paddock Viaduct, also known as the Main Street Viaduct, is a reinforced concrete bridge spanning the Trinity River in Fort Worth, Texas.
Reputedly Conrelia Solenina wife of the third century emperor Galienus(c . 218 – 268) and mother of Valerian II, Saloninus, and Marinianus visited the baths . Y.
He was promoted sub - lieutenant in 1875, lieutenant in 1877, commander in 1891, and captain in 1898.
He is the grandson of Robert Baden - Powell, 1st Baron Baden - Powell and Olave Baden - Powell and great - grandson of Baden Powell.
On 25 May 2009, he was called up by the Cameroon national team for their 2010 FIFA World Cup qualifier against Morocco.
During the 2014 off - season, Olshey signed center Chris Kaman and two - time former Blazer guard Steve Blake to bolster the bench.
He competed with David Harris, Elandon Roberts, and Trevor Bates throughout training camp for the starting middle linebacker job.
Her " Huduga Huduga " song from the Kannada language film " Amrithadhare " won her the state award as the Best playback singer in 2005.
ξ Eridani (Latinised as Xi Eridani) is a solitary star in the constellation Eridanus.
The continental crust that makes up the province is a collage of Mesoarchean and Neoarchean age with some lesser amounts being of Paleoproterozoic age.
Led by the singles " Sen to Rei " and " Native Dancer ", the album became their most commercially successful in their career, peaking at number eight on Oricon's album chart.
Margaret Preece is an English operatic soprano.
A graph is connected when there is a path between every pair of vertices.
In 1949, during the period of Communist rule, Dobrich was renamed " Tolbukhin " (Толбухин) after Marshal of the Soviet Union Fyodor Tolbukhin.
In 1950, building on earlier amateur efforts, Baltimore Opera was formally established as the Baltimore Civic Opera Company, with the famous American soprano Rosa Ponselle as its first artistic director.
Beta Ceti (β Ceti, abbreviated Beta Cet, β Cet), also named Diphda, is the brightest star in the constellation of Cetus.
Armeekorps " commanded by " General der Infanterie " Erwin Vierow.
The University Avenue Bridge is a double - leaf bascule bridge crossing the Schuylkill River in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
Diego García Bravo (born 13 January 1990), known simply as Diego, is a Spanish footballer who plays as a goalkeeper.
In 1977, the NAACP honored Shores by awarding him the William Robert Ming Advocacy Award for the spirit of financial and personal sacrifice displayed in his legal work.
He beats Jess Willard by a TKO and becomes heavyweight champ.
Unlike Philip IV and Philip V, Charles is reputed to have been a relatively conservative, " strait - laced " kingSumption, p.101.
The' Borough of Framwelgate' grew up following the construction of Framwellgate Bridge over the River Wear by Bishop Flambard in 1121.
Ellis summed up his review by stating: " The " NBA 2K9 " team has refined last year's game and added several new features that change the way videogame basketball is played.
The highlight of his career was one stage win each in the 1964 Tour de France and 1965 Tour de France after which he wore the yellow jersey for two and three stages respectively.
He played Club soccer for the Kansas City Attack Club (now Kansas City United) under former Nigerian National Team member, Emilio John.
Reducindo turned pro in the cruiserweight and won his first 8 bouts before getting KOd twice, once by Eric Fields.
The plant would be built on a industrial site at the Port of Tyne in North Shields adjacent to the proposed North Shields Bio Diesel Plant on the north bank of the River Tyne.
Furthermore, Canada is involved in trade agreements over water with the United States such as NAFTA.
He had a more conventional male juvenile lead in " Belles on Their Toes " (1953), a sequel to " Cheaper by the Dozen ", which reunited him with Crain.
Félix Rienth (born 24 June 1970) is a Swiss operatic tenor.
Foxe quickly became associated with John Day the printer and published works of religious controversy while working on a new martyrology that would eventually become the " Actes and Monuments ".
The film is a remake of Hindi Movie " Daag " (1973), which itself is based on Thomas Hardy's novel " The Mayor of Casterbridge ".
In December 2012, the band's manager Scott Rodger confirmed that Arcade Fire was in the studio working with regular producer of the band Markus Dravs and James Murphy, frontman of LCD Soundsystem.
He was promoted to Commander of the Israeli Air Force on 4 April 2004 and was succeeded in the position by Aluf Ido Nehoshtan upon his retirement on 13 May 2008.
The last Ban of Zeta Banovina was Blažo Đukanović, a former brigadier general in the Royal Yugoslav Army.
However, Kayako suddenly brought Takeo a child she claimed as their son just after their move to a new house, naming him Toshio.
The chosen bride was Rikissa, daughter of the deposed King Valdemar of Sweden and Sophia of Denmark, daughter of the King Eric IV.
The Audi Type B was introduced in 1910 as a successor to the Audi Type A, there was an overall 360 of the Type B built.
In 1991, when the global recycling company, Alba AG, agreed to a significant basketball sponsorship, BG Charlottenburg changed its name to Alba Berlin.
In 1881, Michigan scheduled games against the top American football teams — the Eastern powerhouses of Harvard, Yale and Princeton.
The Park Avenue Bridge over the San Francisco River, and the Clifton Casa Grande Building, which are both individually listed on the National Register, are included in the district.
On 7 January 2012, Kilama was sent off and gave away a penalty after elbowing TSW Pegasus defender Lucas.
He was married to Glenda Farrell from 1921 to 1929, and the father of Tommy Farrell.
Michael Grünberger is an Austrian luger and skeleton racer who competed during the 1990s.
Charlotta Seuerling was the daughter of Carl Gottfried Seuerling and Margareta Seuerling, actors and directors of a travelling theatre company.
Bellinger played in the 2007 Little League World Series for the Chandler, Arizona team and played high school baseball at Hamilton High School in Chandler.
Congress would have two houses: the state - based Senate and the population - based House of Representatives.
The Floating Bridge is the fifth crossing on the Dubai Creek while the others are Al Shindagha Tunnel, Al Maktoum Bridge, Al Garhoud Bridge and Business Bay Crossing.
Philip II became aware of the fertile meadows of Aranjuez, and designated that a portion of land to the north of the river Tagus should be devoted to pottager and general agriculture in 1561.
That same year, he also appeared in the Bengali film " Antarmahal " (2005).
Whitelaw was born on 11 June 1921 in Hawthorn, Victoria, into the military family of Major General John Whitelaw and his wife Esther Augusta née Norman.
The Vecht river empties into the IJmeer at Muiden, and also the northern end of the former Hollandic Water Line ends in Muiden.
With his wife, Memphis (or according to others, Cassiopeia); he had one daughter, Libya.
and husband of Gorgophone, daughter of the famous Perseus.
He later lined out in a fourth All - Ireland decider with Antrim becoming the first Ulster side to qualify for a final.
The killings occurred only a few days before Captain Bill Hudson, a Special Operations Executive officer, met with Mihailović at his Ravna Gora headquarters.
Following independence under majority rule in 1980 as Zimbabwe, the Rhodesian dollar was withdrawn in late 1980 and replaced by the Zimbabwean dollar.
In 1927, he defeated Elky Clark to win the vacant flyweight championship of the world.
Kottapeta Rowdy is a Telugu film starring Krishna, Jayaprada & Chiranjeevi.
King in the 1983 television miniseries " The Winds of War " and the 1988 sequel " War and Remembrance ".
But Air Chief Marshal Sir Wilfrid Freeman was interested and boldly championed the concept - through official scepticism the plane became known as " Freeman's Folly ".
According to the Book of Genesis, Zerah was the son of Tamar and of Judah, and was the twin of Pharez.
NGC 456 is an open cluster located in the constellation Tucana.
The group then released two albums as a quartet: " Unbreakable " (2007) and " This Is Us " (2009).
They had several children and their descendants include Field Marshal Sir Alan Brooke, 1st Viscount Alanbrooke, and Sir Basil Brooke, 1st Viscount Brookeborough.
She is supposedly the third and youngest child of Seti   I and Tuya, and the younger sister of Ramesses   II and Tia.
Although the AKP received significantly more votes in 2007 than in 2002, the number of parliamentary seats they controlled decreased due to the rules of the Turkish electoral system.
Tim Meamber (born October 29, 1962 in Yreka, CA) is a former professional American football linebacker for the Minnesota Vikings in the National Football League.
Isabel Bayrakdarian (born February 1, 1974) is an Armenian - Canadian operatic soprano.
However, due to an injury to backup catcher Brayan Peña, he made the major league Opening Day roster as the backup to Yadier Molina.
Just before the final of the 2018 World Championship, Taylor confirmed his retirement from professional darts.
Eudoxia Epiphania () (also known as Epiphania, Eudocia or Eudokia) was the only daughter of the Byzantine Emperor Heraclius and his first wife Eudokia.
Huerta has been portrayed or referenced in any number of movies dealing with the Mexican Revolution, including " The Wild Bunch ", " Duck, You Sucker!
Katarína Dubajová (born 9 December 1978) is a Slovak handball player.
The Bridge of Dreams is located on the Mohican River in Brinkhaven.
Yuh's first title defense came against future WBO light flyweight champion Jose De Jesus.
Over the course of his career, he moved from the Shimpotō, Kenseitō, Kensei Hontō, Rikken Kokumintō, Rikken Dōshikai, Kenseikai and finally Rikken Minseitō.
Because of an injury to Kurt Petersen, he was the right guard in the offensive line that blocked on Tony Dorsett's record 99-yard touchdown run against the Minnesota Vikings.
Giandomenico Costi (born 10 March 1969 in Sassuolo) is a retired Italian professional footballer who played as a defender.
He did eventually leave his wife in Greece and reunite with Cleopatra in Egypt; he and Cleopatra later had a third child, Ptolemy Philadelphus (who does not appear in the series).
Lambda Boötis (λ Boötis, abbreviated Lam Boo, λ Boo), also named Xuange, is a star in the northern constellation of Boötes.
The album features guest vocals from Kyle Lucas, Tyler Carter of Issues and Vic Fuentes of Pierce The Veil.
It is owned by Lorraine Kirke, the ex- wife of Free and Bad Company musician Simon Kirke.
He first married Lady Jean Stewart, daughter of James V of Scotland and Elizabeth Bethune.
He was succeeded by Marshal of the Soviet Union Kirill Moskalenko, who in turn was succeeded quickly by Marshal Sergey Biryuzov.
Roy Rogers appears in the film as one of the Sons of the Pioneers.
Miller was the father of actors Jason Patric (by first wife Linda Gleason, daughter of Jackie Gleason) and Joshua John Miller (by second wife Susan Bernard).
His book on Hugo Chávez, " Comandante ", was published in March 2013.
He returned to governmental service during the reign of Emperor Wu's son Emperor Xuan.
The elementary school was established in September 1952 by the Central Military Commission of the People's Republic of China, and sanctioned by Marshal Nie Rongzhen, Zhu De and Prime Minister Zhou Enlai.
The supervisory board consists, among others, of politicians Friedrich Merz and Peer Steinbrück.
During World War II, she was the secretary of the famous Vickers engineer, Barnes Wallis, and assisted him with his experiments to develop a bouncing bomb to destroy German dams.
Greta Williams was a celebrated English operatic soprano and contralto, and occasional pianist of the Victorian era.
After a tense hour of hurling Kilkenny emerged victorious by 2–9 to 1–9 and Febbelly collected an All - Ireland under-21 winners' medal.
Shaban (, also Romanized as Sha‘bān; also known as Shabāndar) is a village in Chamsangar Rural District, Papi District, Khorramabad County, Lorestan Province, Iran.
Brigadier William Bain Thomas CBE DSO (11 May 1898 – 22 November 1967) was a British Army officer who commanded the Polish Resettlement Corps after the Second World War.
Singer Bill Medley, whose career with The Righteous Brothers was just beginning, was told about Willis.
This species occurs in the Pacific Ocean off the Marquesas Islands.
He was the most prominent member of a famous musical family, being the nephew of Henri Casadesus and Marius Casadesus, husband of Gaby Casadesus, and father of Jean Casadesus.
Omega Ophiuchi (ω Oph) is a class A7 star in the constellation Ophiuchus.
Scott Harbison Swift (born 1957) is an admiral in the United States Navy, serving as the commander of the U.S. Pacific Fleet since May 27th, 2015.
River Wraysbury is a river in England that branches off the River Colne at West Drayton and rejoins it at Staines before it flows into the River Thames.
NGC 171 is a barred spiral galaxy with an apparent magnitude of 12, located around 3 million light - years away in the constellation Cetus.
Among nebulae, M17 in Sagittarius and the North American nebula (NGC 7000) in Cygnus are also readily viewed.
The next addition was the 50-passenger de Havilland Canada DHC-7 Dash 7 before standardising with the Bombardier DHC-8 Dash 8.
Dyje () is a village and municipality (" obec ") in Znojmo District in the South Moravian Region of the Czech Republic.
The film was a remake of Hindi film " Sarfarosh ".
The album was preceded by singles " Dancing in the Rain ", which represented Spain in the Eurovision Song Contest 2014 in Denmark, and " Gigantes ".
 Planet Simpson  was written by Canadian author Chris Turner, who is a big fan of " The Simpsons ", although " not even the biggest fan I know personally   ...
π2 Gruis, Latinised as Pi2 Gruis, is a binary star in the southern constellation of Grus.
NGC 280 is a spiral galaxy in the constellation Andromeda.
He was the youngest of Keturah's sons; the others were Zimran, Jokshan, Medan, Midian, and Ishbak.
 Forever in Your Hands  is the third single from the album " Overcome " by American heavy metal band All That Remains.
Okskaya Ulitsa is a future station on the Kozhukhovskaya Line of the Moscow Metro.
13.495 His tomb was the vantage point which Polites, son of Priam, used to scout the Greek camp during the Trojan War . Homer.
NGC 16 is a lenticular galaxy located in the Pegasus constellation.
On April 16, 2014 Martin won the vacant WBO NABO heavyweight title by beating former undefeated boxer Alexander Flores by KO in the 4th round.
The University Heights Bridge crosses the Harlem River, connecting West 207th Street in the Inwood neighborhood of Manhattan to West Fordham Road in the University Heights section of the Bronx.
In 1858, Caselli's improved version was demonstrated by French physicist Alexandre - Edmond Becquerel at the French Academy of Sciences in Paris.
She was one of the main characters in the 2004 " Excalibur " title, where she was helping Professor Xavier and Magneto rebuild Genosha.
NGC 268 is a spiral galaxy located in the constellation Cetus.
By Christmas he was joined by Squadron Leader Frank McKenna a former civilian police detective and who had flown operationally as a member of RAF Bomber Command aircrew.
(pronounced) (born 8 August 1955), better known as Diddú (pronounced), is an Icelandic soprano and songwriter.
He was married to Konstancja Małgorzata Lubomirska and had three children, Wacław Rzewuski, Izabella Rzewuska and Maria Rzewuska.
Caleb Stanko (born July 26, 1993) is an American soccer player who plays as a midfielder for Bundesliga club SC Freiburg.
Daaliya Pookkal is a 1980 Indian Malayalam film, directed by Prathap Singh.
Keith Lindsay Hugh Kirkland (22 October 1900 – 24 October 1971) was an Australian freestyle swimmer who competed in the 1920 Summer Olympics in Antwerp, Belgium.
Brigadier Reginald Howlett CBE DSO MC (1882 – 20 October 1942) was a British Army officer who became colonel of the Royal Fusiliers.
Sergio Victor Palma (Born January 1, 1956) is an Argentine who was once the World Boxing Association's world Super Bantamweight boxing champion.
NGC 83 is an elliptical galaxy estimated to be about 260 million light - years away in the constellation of Andromeda.
ρ Indi, Latinised as Rho Indi, (Bright Star designation HR 8701) is a yellow - hued star in the constellation Indus.
A proposed bride for her first cousin Louis XIV of France, she later married Ranuccio Farnese, son of the late Odoardo Farnese and Margherita de' Medici.
 Sandcastles in the Sand  is the 16th episode in the third season of the television series " How I Met Your Mother " and 60th overall.
At the bridge Nybrua crossing Akerselva the organisation erected the city's first outdoor monument in 1833, with a surrounding park.
The pair won the bronze medal at the 1967 European Championships in Ljubljana and repeated the following year at the 1968 European Championships in Västerås.
Kevin Bizier (born 12 August 1984) is a Canadian professional boxer who has challenged once for the IBF welterweight title, in 2016.
The resulting publicity increased the demand for Stoney's designs, leading to installations on the Rhone in Geneva, the River Thames at Richmond, and on the River Clyde at Glasgow.
On 12 May 1866 he discovered the variable star T Coronae Borealis in the constellation Corona Borealis.
Featuring in - depth interviews with both survivors and murderers, " As We Forgive " provides an intimate, first - hand view of the encounters between genocide perpetrators and their victims’ families.
First, he married in Stuttgart 29 January 1441 to Margaret of Cleves, daughter of Duke Adolf I of Cleves and Mary of Burgundy.
Njan Ninne Marakkilla is a 1981 Indian Malayalam film, directed by Vijay and produced by KR Suresh.
Jamila Wideman (born October 16, 1975) is an American female left - handed point guard basketball player, lawyer, and activist.
In 2003, Breen joined the espionage action series " Alias " in its third season as an executive story editor and writer.
Janne Leskinen (born 24 July 1971 in Kuopio) is a retired Finnish alpine skier who competed in the 1994 Winter Olympics.
NGC 399 is a lenticular galaxy located in the constellation Pisces.
The Noorduyn Norseman is featured in scenes in the 1942 Warner Bros. film " Captains of the Clouds ", with Jimmy Cagney as a Canadian bush pilot at the start of World War II.
In 2018, sales of " Fire and Fury " surged upon the publication of Michael Wolff's best - selling book of the same title about the Presidency of Donald Trump.
Notable people from the parish include three former Vicars, the writer Denys Val Baker, and the artist Anne (Annie) Walke (wife of Bernard Walke).
Later, in the Pacific region (in particular the Solomon Islands, New Guinea and Bougainville, he was the first naturalist who observed the birdlife).
The Calais region was defended by the 15th Army under " Generaloberst " (Colonel General) Hans von Salmuth, and Normandy by the 7th Army commanded by " Generaloberst " Friedrich Dollmann.
In 2009, Annick Massis sang all four major soprano roles in a production of the Contes d´Hoffmann at the Opéra de Nice.
Jill Feldman (born 21 April 1952 in Los Angeles)AllMusic is an American soprano who has acquired an international reputation for her interpretation of medieval, baroque and classical repertoires.
Much of the album features songs from the band's first two albums, " Jefferson Airplane Takes Off " and " Surrealistic Pillow ".
Bob Leduc (born May 23, 1944 in Sudbury, Ontario) was a professional ice hockey player who played 158 games in the World Hockey Association.
A formal Memorandum of Understanding was negotiated in Washington by the Deputy Chief of the Air Staff, Air Marshal Sir Geoffrey Tuttle, on 21 May 1957.
Placidia was now free, however, joining her husband at Constantinople, where she bore him a daughter, Anicia Juliana, in 462.
Florencio Constantino (April 9, 1869 – November 19, 1919) was a Spanish operatic tenor.
NGC 353 is a spiral galaxy in the constellation Cetus.
Among them was Flight Lieutenant John F. Leeming RAF, who had been captured with Air Marshal Owen Tudor Boyd (as his Aide - de - Camp) in 1940.
In 2010 he played alongside Stellan Skarsgård in the Norwegian black comedy " A Somewhat Gentle Man ".
Samuel McClellan (4 January 1730 – 17 October 1807) was a Brigadier General in the American Revolutionary War.
 Lay All Your Love on Me , is a song recorded by Swedish pop group ABBA in 1980 for their " Super Trouper " album.
On 30 April 2011, Asenjo travelled to Mexico City and challenged Raúl García for his WBO minimumweight title.
Trained by his elder brother Dick, who himself was a successful middleweight, Randolph knocked out Gordon Griffiths in his first bout.
Varma is known for presenting the Indian Political Trilogy, and the Indian Gangster Trilogy; film critic Rajeev Masand had labeled the series as one of the " most influential movies of Hindi cinema.
Bennett was the lesser - known sister of actresses Constance Bennett and Joan Bennett, as well as the daughter of actor Richard Bennett and actress Adrienne Morrison.
It is the remake of Telugu blockbuster " Prema " starring Venkatesh and Revathi.
HD 215497 b is an extrasolar planet which orbits the K - type main sequence star HD 215497, located approximately 142 light years away in the constellation Tucana.
 Nature Materials  is focused on all topics within the combined disciplines of " materials science " and " engineering ".
Thomas Mashaba (born Khutsong, Gauteng, South Africa) is a professional boxer in the featherweight division holding the lightly regarded IBO title.
Lieutenant Colonel Edward Gopsill, (22 December 1921 – 25 July 2016) was a decorated British Army officer and founder of the 1st Malaysian Rangers.
Four bridges cross the River Tyne at the Quayside: The High Level Bridge, the Swing Bridge, the Tyne Bridge and the Gateshead Millennium Bridge.
While there, his niece, Eleanor of Provence, gave birth to Edward.
In addition, Glorious Song foaled Singspiel by In The Wings.
Joseph II (1780–90), a dynamic leader strongly influenced by the Enlightenment, shook Hungary from its malaise when he inherited the throne from his mother, Maria Theresa.
The film was included in several short film festivals, including Cannes Short Film Corner and The Palm Springs International Short Film Festival (ShortFest).
Agnes of Denmark (1249 - after 1290) was the youngest daughter of Eric IV of Denmark and his wife Jutta of Saxony.
Bankia is listed on the Bolsa de Madrid and is a constituent of the IBEX 35.
Dmitri Obukhov (born July 9, 1983) is a Russian professional ice hockey winger who currently plays for Ak Bars Kazan of the Kontinental Hockey League (KHL).
To ensure compromise between Ceres and Dis, Jove divides the year into halves and commands that Proserpina must spend equal parts of the year between her mother and her husband.
Minsk Zoo is located in a southeast part of Minsk near Svislach River.
Tommy Basilio is an alcoholic and fixture at a local bar, the Trees Lounge, who loses his girlfriend of eight years and his job as a mechanic.
Kamehameha is considered the son of Keōua, founder of the House of Keoua, and Kekuʻiapoiwa II.
When Louis's sons by his first marriage to Ermengarde of Hesbaye (Lothair, Louis, and Pepin) rebelled in 830, Ebbo remained loyal.
Longport is a borough in Atlantic County, New Jersey on the Atlantic Ocean shore of Absecon Island.
Thomas also co - wrote many of the songs for the three albums, " Dangerous Age ", " Holy Water " and " Here Comes Trouble ".
Other items furnished the homes and offices of other US military officers including Brigadier General Henning Linden and General Edgar E. Hume.
Perhaps their most notable film was the World War II drama " Fires on the Plain " (Nobi, 1959).
In the Chiefs' 2007 training camp, Huard competed with second - year Brodie Croyle, the team's third - round draft choice in 2006.
Born in Fano in the Province of Pesaro and Urbino, he was the younger brother of mezzo - soprano Maria Capuana.
The most famous members of the family are Will Smith and his wife Jada, their children Jaden and Willow, and Will's son from his first marriage, Trey Smith.
In 1836, Kapaʻakea and Keohokālole named their third son David Kalākaua, probably in honor of the premier's dead son.
Marco Gaeta (born 10 February 1992) is an Italian professional footballer who plays as a striker for AC Gozzano.
This meteor shower is named for its radiant point which is located near the star Beta Ursae Minoris (Kochab) in the constellation Ursa Minor.
Kamel Fathi Ghilas (born 9 March 1984) is an Algerian professional footballer who plays as a forward.
Virata was married to Queen Sudeshna and was the father of Prince Uttara and Princess Uttarā, who married Abhimanyu, the son of Arjuna.
NGC 271 is a spiral galaxy in the constellation Cetus.
With his second wife, Violant of Bar, John had only one daughter who lived to adulthood, Yolande.
He fought his last fight as a Heavyweight, against Lee Savold, a serious world heavyweight contender, in July 1941, his fifth loss in his final six fights.
Suharto was buried beside his late wife, Mrs (Ibu) Tien Soeharto (Siti Hartinah Soeharto, who had died on April 28, 1996) and her mother.
It is located in the village of Fjæra at the innermost end of the Åkrafjorden.
In Greek mythology, Helenus (;, " Helenos ";) was the son of King Priam and Queen Hecuba of Troy, and the twin brother of the prophetess Cassandra.
The Malabadi Bridge () is an long, two lane, deck - arch bridge that crosses the Batman river near Çatakköprü, Diyarbakır Province.
Ankhesenamun once seemed likely since there were no candidates for the throne on the death of her husband, Tutankhamun, whereas Akhenaten had at least two legitimate successors.
Her father David Douglas was also an Olympic rower for Australia, who won the silver medal in the men's eight at Mexico City in 1968.
In South Korea, where the fertility rate often ranks among the lowest in the OECD (1.21 in 2014), the population is expected to peak in 2030.
In 1914, he performed with the Berlin Philharmonic conducted by Arthur Nikisch.
The last emperor in the West belonging to the dynasty was Galla Placidia's son Valentinian III.
Major - General Sir Hubert Rance, the British military commander, took control of the country for the military after the liberation of Rangoon, but Dorman - Smith returned as Governor in 1946.
Lieutenant - general Sir Thomas Bradford (1 December 1777 – 28 November 1853) was a British Army officer.
These included " My Body ", " Don't ask ", " Deli Oğlan " and " Aşkkolik ", to promote the album and its lead for Turkey, Deli Oğlan.
The Ariane 4 was in service throughout this period, and conducted most launches, with the Ariane 5 making its first four flights in the second half of the decade.
Abortion law in Saint Kitts and Nevis, a country in the West Indies and a member of the Commonwealth of Nations, is modelled on British legislation.
PS Norah Creina was a paddle steamship operated by the Drogheda Steam Packet Company from 1878 to 1902 and the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway from 1902 to 1912.
It was directed by Hannah Lux Davis who had previously worked with Hilton on music videos for her singles " Good Time " and " Come Alive ".
Constance of Wrocław was born in 1227, the second child of Henry II the Pious and his wife Anna of Bohemia, the daughter of Ottokar I of Bohemia and Constance of Hungary.
Lewald had previously argued for Germany to be allowed to attend the 1928 Summer Olympics, after being banned in 1920 and 1924.
George was born in Berlin into a well known acting family: his father, Heinrich George, was a film and theater actor, and his mother, Berta Drews, a character actress.
She has played basketball in Australia's WNBL for the Australian Institute of Sport and the Adelaide Lightning.
The basketball program boasts famous alumni, including Washington Wizards head coach Scott Brooks and Detroit Lions tight end Darren Fells.
HD 150248 is found on the border between the constellations Scorpius and Ara.
Situated just west to what is now the Brockley conservation area, Brockley railway station was opened on 6 March 1871 and is currently served by London Overground and Southern in Travelcard Zone 2.
The Novosibirsk Rail Bridge is a single - track railway bridge, located at the crossroads of the main branch of Trans - Siberian Railway and the Ob River.
He was re - elected at the next four general elections, in 1954, 1957, 1961 and 1965.
Lin Laijiu (born 29 April 1968) is a Chinese former swimmer who competed in the 1988 Summer Olympics and in the 1992 Summer Olympics.
He travelled through Germany again in 1672–73, to visit two of his sisters, Anna Sophia and Wilhelmine Ernestine, who were married to the electoral princes of Saxony and the Palatinate.
Atomic Homefront is a 2018 documentary film about the effects of radioactive waste stored in a West Lake Landfill in St. Louis County, Missouri.
In American football, the Fog Bowl was the December 31, 1988 National Football League (NFL) playoff game between the Philadelphia Eagles and Chicago Bears.
Eric Joseph Fryer (born August 26, 1985) is an American former professional baseball catcher.
Also within the churchyard is the grave of Air Commodore Edward " Teddy " Mortlock Donaldson CB CBE DSO AFC * LoM (February 12, 1912 - June, 1992).
Deiva Vaakku () is a 1992 Indian Tamil drama film, directed by M. S. Madhu, starring Karthik Muthuraman and Revathi in lead roles.
Early in the fourth quarter, two A&M; defenders caused an injury to OSU's starting quarterback, Zac Robinson, which led OSU's junior redshirt quarterback Bobby Reid to replace him.
It was attended by Kang Pan - sok, the mother of Kim Il - sung who sometimes accompanied her there.
November 1872) also known as the Gisela Railway (" Giselabahn "), after Archduchess Gisela of Austria, the second daughter of Emperor Franz Joseph I and his wife Elisabeth.
Johnny Cooke (52 - 34 - 7), from Bootle, was a BBBofC British and Commonwealth welterweight champion.
Lorenz Fehenberger (August 24, 1912 - July 29, 1984), was a German operatic tenor, particularly associated with the German and Italian repertories.
Chester William Nimitz, Sr . (; February 24, 1885February 20, 1966) was a fleet admiral of the United States Navy.
Brigadier General Rezin Beall (1723–1809) was appointed commander of Marylands Flying Camp militia by the United States Congress.
The composer conducted, with the tenor Gustav Walter, a student chorus numbering 300, and the Court Opera orchestra.
The third single from " Ready for the Weekend ", " Flashback ", featuring Jordanian singer Ayah Marar reached number eighteen in the UK.
Leticia Ribeiro began training in Brazilian jiu - jitsu in 1995 at the Gracie Tijuca Academy originally under Marcelo Machado a student of Royler Gracie and the Gracie Humaita school.
As the 1809th variable star without a Bayer designation to be discovered in Cygnus, 68 Cygni was assigned the designation " V1809 Cygni " in 1984.
Additional singles included " Say (All I Need) " and " Mercy ".
Steffen Büttner (born 2 November 1963) is a German former footballer who played as a defender.
This is the first mention of a bridge over the Charles River at Watertown.
The position was offered to three retired generals, John J. Sheehan, Jack Keane, and Joseph Ralston, Baker, Peter and Ricks, Thomas.
Ilmar Kullam (15 June 1922 in Tartu – 2 November 2011 in Tartu) was an Estonian basketball player who competed for the Soviet Union in the 1952 Summer Olympics.
His daughter Caroline married in 1956 James Carnegie, 3rd Duke of Fife, only son of Princess Maud, Countess of Southesk and great - grandson of King Edward VII.
NGC 499, also occasionally referred to as PGC 5060, IC 1686 or GC 289, is a lenticular galaxy in the constellation Pisces.
Several bridges, including the Court Street Bridge, the Midtown Bridge and the Anderson Street Bridge span the Hackensack River.
Ælfhelm's daughter, Ælfgifu, married Cnut the Great, King of England between 1016 and 1035, as a result of which Ælfhelm became the grandfather of future English king Harold Harefoot.
Edmonson is married to comedian Jennifer Saunders and they have three daughters, musician Ella, actress Beattie and Freya.
Sebastian Mielitz (born 18 July 1989) is a German professional goalkeeper who currently plays for SønderjyskE.
The fourth and final wave of albums, " Presence ", " In Through the Out Door ", and " Coda ", was released on 31 July 2015.
Rodrigo Rojo (born 21 July 1989 in Montevideo) is an Uruguayan defender player who currently plays for Club Nacional.
Later nicknamed " Bloody Mary " for her actions against Protestants, she was the daughter of Catherine of Aragon; she remained loyal to Rome and sought to restore the Roman Church in England.
Abraham Han (born September 29, 1984, in El Paso, Texas) is a professional boxer in the light middleweight division.
The late 4th - early 5th century poet Nonnus gives Thaumas and Electra two children, Iris, and the river Hydaspes . Nonnus, " Dionysiaca " 26.358–362.
Marcus Bobjerg Jakobsen (born 26 January 1998) is a Danish footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for AC Horsens in the Danish Superliga.
He then entered the ownership of Bailey, Hall & Rachel Hood and was sent into training with Hood's husband, John Gosden, at Newmarket, Suffolk.
The film is a remake of the 1945 film " Pride of the Marines ", but set in the Vietnam War instead of World War II.
However, there were now seven cities, as the eastern part of Görlitz, on the east side of the Neisse River, became the stand - alone Polish city of Zgorzelec.
HIP 57274 is a star in the constellation Ursa Major.
Lieutenant Colonel Rick Francona (born 31 August 1951) is an author, commentator and media military analyst.
Another famous example was that of Rear Admiral Grace Hopper.
NGC 388 is an elliptical galaxy located in the constellation Pisces.
Aleksandar Miletić (; born 1 April 1996) is a Serbian football defender who plays for Radnički Kragujevac.
NGC 488 is a face - on spiral galaxy in the constellation Pisces.
Since 2014 Connell has played Rowena, mother of demon Crowley (Mark A. Sheppard), in popular TV series " Supernatural " starting in season 10.
In addition to American television, Rodriguez explored Spanish language roles and played dual leads as Rosita Amado and Violeta Hurtado in the primetime series " Dame Chocolate ", which aired on Telemundo.
Hugo Prono (born 23 February 1923) is an Argentine former water polo player who competed in the 1948 Summer Olympics.
The Harrison Street Bridge was a bridge which crossed the Embarras River east of Charleston, Illinois.
Elisabeth Schärtel (6 October 1919 – 24 August 2012) was a German operatic mezzo - soprano and contralto.
Werdinsel, also known as Limmatauen Werdhölzli, is an island and protected area in the Limmat, to the west of the Europabrücke.
Qaleh Shekar (, also Romanized as Qal‘eh Shekār) is a village in Shirvan Rural District, in the Central District of Borujerd County, Lorestan Province, Iran.
Ashley Putnam (born August 10, 1952) is an American soprano from New York City.
Emmanuelle Seigner is married to Polanski.
Daughter Mary Anne was known as a poet by her married name Mary Anne Jevons, and was the mother of William Stanley Jevons.
Many manuscripts had become brittle and fragile, including the codex that contains the only known copy of Beowulf (Cotton Vittelius A xv).
Notable hiking in the area includes Heaton Flat along the East Fork of the San Gabriel River to Bridge to Nowhere.
In 2003, McCreary worked under primary composer Richard Gibbs on the three - hour miniseries which served as a pilot for the reimagined series of " Battlestar Galactica ".
Various recordings of the composition appeared in the opening credits of all " The Pink Panther " films except " A Shot in the Dark " and " Inspector Clouseau ".
But, when " Shalako " was in production, Harry Saltzman's Second World War film, " Play Dirty, " set in North Africa, was being filmed on the same locations.
 Shake It Off  is a song recorded by American singer - songwriter Taylor Swift from her fifth album, " 1989 " (2014).
Balbina Steffenone (also spelled Bina or Steffanone or Steffenoni, 1825–1896) was a 19th - century soprano.
He was at Oxford during the early years of the movement known as Tractarianism, and was powerfully influenced by association with John Henry Newman, Edward Bouverie Pusey and John Keble.
From 1988 till 1992 Theodora Büttner was a corresponding member of the German Academy of Sciences at (East) Berlin.
239–241 Jane Grey was the daughter of Frances Grey, Duchess of Suffolk, a niece of Henry VIII by his younger sister Mary.
Taupin transferred again to Spain where he fought in the Peninsular War including the battles of Bussaco and Salamanca.
His brothers were Admiral James Saumarez, 1st Baron de Saumarez (1757–1836) and Richard Saumarez (1764–1835), a surgeon and medical author.
Lyle Franklin Bull (born April 8, 1938) was a rear admiral in the United States Navy.
General Sir Henry Augustus Smyth (1825–1906) was a senior British Army officer.
Golu Hadawatha (Translation: The Silent Heart) was a popular 1968 Sinhalese language romance movie directed by Maestro Lester James Peiris.
Michael Rapoport is the son of Ingeborg Rapoport, a pediatrician, and Samuel Mitja Rapoport, and brother of Tom Rapoport, both renowned biochemists.
NGC 332 is a compact and/or lenticular galaxy in the constellation Pisces.
On June 22, Kamelot introduced Seventh Wonder's Tommy Karevik as their new official vocalist.
The Harwood Bridge is a steel truss bridge which carries the Pacific Highway over the Clarence River in the Northern Rivers region of New South Wales, Australia.
Six months later he faced Stuart Hall for the vacant Commonwealth bantamweight title, losing by a wide points margin.
(1988), " Night Watch " (2004), " Day Watch " (2006) and " Legend № 17 " (2013).
It lies about two degrees west of α Mon, at fourth magnitude the brightest star in Monoceros.
When he died in 1615, the project passed to his collaborators, father and son Carlo and Amedeo di Castellamonte.
She was a daughter of Kari and Odd Nansen, granddaughter of Eva and Fridtjof Nansen.
Oguma turned pro in 1970 and in 1974 won the WBC Flyweight Title by winning a split decision over Betulio González.
With the encouragement of Lucy Stone and her husband, Henry Blackwell, Brown decided to travel to Kansas in order to speak on women's rights.
Andrea Mantovani (born 22 June 1984) is an Italian footballer who plays in the defender position for Novara.
Whelehan made his senior debut for Offaly in a Leinster championship game against Meath in 1998.
NGC 156 is a double star located in the Cetus constellation.
There is no tax on the private land in American Samoa, the Territory of Palmyra Island or Kingman Reef in the Pacific Ocean insular areas.
His sons, Takahiro Moriuchi and Hiroki Moriuchi are vocalist of the rock bands ONE OK ROCK and MY FIRST STORY, respectively.
Lot Chiwunga (born 6 December 1986) is a Zimbabwean footballer who plays as a forward for Zimbabwe Premier Soccer League side Black Rhinos and the Zimbabwe national team.
This party included RAF fighter ace Wing Commander Robert Stanford Tuck.
Her first Tamil debut " Pazhani " came the following year, as did " Bommalattam ", after a long delay.
The National Palace was severely damaged, though President René Préval and his wife Elisabeth Delatour Préval escaped injury.
On the " Jojkićev Dunavac's " mouth into the Danube, across Kožara, a weekend - settlement of Mika Alas is located.
The following year Brodie won the Commonwealth Super Bantamweight Title with a win over Brian Carr and later that year Brodie added the European (EBU) Super Bantamweight Title.
The Ocean To Ocean Bridge is a through truss bridge spanning the Colorado River in Yuma, Arizona.
In Kannada films, her notable supporting performances included her roles in " Anuraga Sangama " (1995) and " Agni IPS " (1997).
NGC 3877 is a member of the M109 Group, a group of galaxies located in the constellation Ursa Major that may contain over 50 galaxies.
In response, Minkhaung recalled Minye Kyawswa to Ava, and sent his middle son Thihathu to Prome to take over as viceroy.
Marshall is the younger brother of running back Cameron Marshall.
Josh Johnson, who is still playing, has spent time with 10 different NFL teams and the Sacramento Mountain Lions of the United Football League.
On 24 September 1983, Bochum - Langendreer West station, was opened as part of the extension of Rhine - Ruhr S - Bahn line S 1 from Bochum Hauptbahnhof to Dortmund Hauptbahnhof.
Ehle is married to English actress Rosemary Harris, and is the father of actress Jennifer Ehle.
NGC 447 is a spiral galaxy of type (R)SB(rs)0/a located in the constellation Pisces.
Antonio Scotti (25 January 1866 – 26 February 1936) was an Italian baritone.
In order to create the Nixon scene, the production crew used a real clip of Nixon, his wife, and daughter.
Richards travelled on the latter, which also carried senior officers including Brigadier Arthur Varley.
Filmmakers made films like " Posti ", " Do Lachhian " and " Bhangra " with some success but were not able to revive Punjabi cinema.
His brother was Geoffrey Barton, who was to become a Major - general in the British Army.
The closest métro stations are Alma – Marceau and George V.
Evgeny Kurbatov (born May 18, 1988) is a Russian professional ice hockey defenceman who currently plays for Torpedo Nizhny Novgorod of the Kontinental Hockey League (KHL).
Helie of Burgundy (– 28 February 1141) was the daughter of Eudes I and Sibylla of Burgundy.
The Abrams Institute is a Partnering Organization in Free Speech Week, a yearly non - partisan week - long celebration of Freedom of Speech and Expression.
It was produced by Ross Robinson(At The Drive - In, Glassjaw) and Mark Hoppus (singer and bassist of + 44 and Blink 182).
USS Alderamin (AK-116) was a commissioned by the U.S. Navy for service in World War II, named after Alderamin, the alpha star in constellation Cepheus.
The Armenian King Arsaces II (Arshak II) fled, and the Persian attack was successfully repulsed by the sparapet (general) Vassak Mamikonian.
12 October 1942 saw a talk on " Liberty vs. Oppression " by Ève Curie, the daughter and biographer of Marie Curie.
Chalmers also has a short role in the Electronic Arts games Skate ., Skate 2 and Skate 3.
He seems to have grown up mostly at Purley, Royal Berkshire History: Purley and was educated at Oxford, matriculating from Trinity College on 20 December 1577, and graduating B.A.
At the 2018 Winter Olympics, the delegations from both the host nation South Korea and North Korea marched together in the opening ceremony under the Korean Unification Flag.
He competed in the marathon at the 1980 Summer Olympics.
Constance of Wrocław was born in 1227, the second child of Henry II the Pious and his wife Anna of Bohemia, the daughter of Ottokar I of Bohemia and Constance of Hungary.
She made her debut with the Hindi film " Sssshhh..." in 2003.
Sokol Cikalleshi (; born 27 July 1990) is an Albanian professional footballer who plays as forward for Turkish Süper Lig club Osmanlıspor and the Albania national team.
Rani's first films, in 1951 at age eight, were the Telugu " Roopavathi " and Tamil " Mohana Sundaram " and " Singari ".
Campbell took a position in the faculty of economics at Queens College, City University of New York in 1940.
All countries were then instructed to implement an arms embargo against Liberia including the prevention of military assistance; the measures would not apply to resources destined for United Nations or humanitarian personnel.
(He would return to Covent Garden in 1909 after undertaking further vocal studies in Paris the previous year with a great tenor of a previous era, Jean de Reszke.)
The Old House of Keys () is the former meeting place of the House of Keys, the lower house of Tynwald, the Isle of Man's parliament.
General Sir Montagu George North Stopford (16 November 1892 – 10 March 1971) was a senior British Army officer who fought during both World War I and World War II.
 Dwight Edward Aultman, Brigadier General, United States Army . 
They included his fellow lyric tenors Dmitri Smirnov (1882–1944) and Andrei Labinsky (1871–1941), the spinto tenor Lev Klementiev (1868–1910) and the dramatic tenor Ivan Yershov (1867–1943).
He had a cameo role as Joachim von Kortzfleisch, a German general who refused to put his troops under the command of officers plotting to depose Hitler's government, in " Valkyrie ".
Hugh Walter Mason (7 February 1915 – 24 July 2010) was an English rower who competed at the 1936 Summer Olympics.
Pierre Marie Gallois (29 June 1911 – 24 August 2010) was a French air force brigadier general and geopolitician.
From Covington, the route takes the Clay Wade Bailey Bridge back over the Ohio River into Cincinnati.
NGC 135 is a lenticular galaxy located in the constellation of Cetus and 335 million light - years away, and 40,000 light - years across.
δ Microscopii, Latinised as Delta Microscopii, is a faint, orange hued binary star system in the constellation Microscopium, marking the eyepiece end of the " microscope ".
Following the death of presenter Mark Speight's fiancee Natasha Collins in January 2008, repeats of the show and its CBeebies spin - off " SMarteenies " were suspended.
Donnell Holmes (born January 3, 1973 in Ivanhoe, North Carolina) is an American professional boxer who fights in the heavyweight division.
The marquisate was bestowed by Maria Christina of Austria as Queen Regnant on behalf of her son Alfonso XIII of Spain on Manuel Críspulo González y Soto, by Royal Decree on 6 February 1902.
On Sunday 23 May the Wisła river broke a retaining wall and flooded Świniary near Płock, and nearby villages, including Szady, Wiączemin Polski, Nowy Wiączemin and Nowosiodło.
Jesper Bratt (born 30 July 1998) is a Swedish professional ice hockey winger who is currently playing for the New Jersey Devils of the National Hockey League (NHL).
It is operated by Helsinki City Transport for HSL and carries 63 million passengers per year.
Zach Ville (born April 24, 1982) is a former American football defensive end.
Her personal papers are at the National Archives, along with those of other British military women, such as Dame Katharine Furse, Dame Rachel Crowdy, and Brigadier Dame Mary Coulshed.
On 7 March 1944, Generalleutnant Walter Scheller was given command of the city of Brest - Litovsk.
Shapur IV was the son of Yazdegerd I and Shushandukht, and had two brothers named Bahram V and Narse.
He is interred at Kinderhook Reformed Church Cemetery, Kinderhook, Columbia County, New York, USA.Thomas Beekman at Find A Grave, accessed January 15, 2013
The worst typhoon to affect the Malay Peninsula in 35   years, Gay originated from a monsoon trough over the Gulf of Thailand in early - November.
It then passes over the Niagara Parkway and heads onto the Lewiston – Queenston Bridge over the Niagara River.
Her first lead role came in 2005 at the age of 15 with " Chand Sa Roshan Chehra " in Hindi.
The Kamennye Islands or Kammenny Islands (; Kamennye Ostrova) is a group of islands in the Kara Sea, Russian Federation.
David Soslan () (died 1207) was a prince from Alania and second husband of Queen Tamar, whom he married in c. 1189.
For poetry, see: 6th, 7th, 8th and 9th century in poetry.
The Red Army's successful operations in the far north were recognized with Kirill Meretskov's promotion to Marshal of the Soviet Union on 26 October 1944.
Around this time Archbishop Hlond had nominated Bishop Józef Gawlina, also a Divisional general and based in Rome, to be responsible overall for the Polish diaspora.
The University of Calgary Faculty of Medicine was established in 1967 and renamed the Cumming School of Medicine in 2014.
033 or Zero Three Three is a 2010 Bengali film directed by Birsa Dasgupta in a directorial debut and produced by Moxie Entertainments.
Lushin's sister Lillete and her niece Ira (Lillete's daughter) are also actresses.
General Paul David Manson, OC, CMM, CD (born August 20, 1934) is a retired Canadian Forces officer, fighter pilot and businessman.
39 Arietis (abbreviated 39 Ari), also named Lilii Borea, is a star in the northern constellation of Aries.
Mark Frederick Gottfried (born January 20, 1964) is an American men's college basketball coach and former player.
In 1977, Summer hit number one with three different albums: " Four Seasons of Love ", " I Remember Yesterday " and " Once Upon a Time ".
The Inner Ring Road crosses the Huangpu River twice, using the Yangpu and Nanpu bridges.
Stanislava Součková (27 November 1923, Velim, Kolín District – 23 July 1997, České Budějovice) was a Czech operatic soprano and the sister of baritone Jaroslav Souček.
Prince Shirakabe was married to Princess Inoe (" 井上内親王 "), a daughter of Emperor Shōmu (聖武天皇) in 744.
When Sigmund Skard married Åse Gruda Skard, Åsa became Olav's sister - in - law, and he was also an uncle of Halvdan Skard, Målfrid Grude Flekkøy and Torild Skard.
 Lisa the Simpson  is the seventeenth episode of " The Simpsons " ninth season.
For 25 years he performed fine duets with the lyric tenor Vladimir Nechaev (1908–1969)Translaged narod.ru webpage: biography of V. Nechaev.
Now he lives in Powai, Mumbai, India with his wife and his son Aryan S. Narvekar, who recently made his debut with the Marathi film Bokya Satbande.
Among the members of the ensemble were Jean - Baptiste Lully, Jean - Féry Rebel, his son François Rebel and Jacques Aubert.
Air Chief Marshal Sir Trafford Leigh - Mallory, commanding the Allied Expeditionary Air Force, approved the scheme on May 17, 1944.
HD 219134 g, also known as HR 8832 g, is an unconfirmed exoplanet orbiting around the K - type star HR 8832 in the constellation of Cassiopeia.
Leontia was first betrothed to Patricius, a son of Aspar, but their engagement was probably annulled when Aspar and another of his sons, Ardabur, were assassinated in 471.
Hammonds is married to basketball player Matt Burston . Townsville Fire 17 July 2009).
He, along with Murong Wei's mother Empress Dowager Kezuhun, is often blamed for Former Yan's decline and fall.
Babik had a sister called Pharantzem who had married the Arsacid Prince Gnel, nephew of the Armenian King Arsaces II (Arshak II) and later married Arsaces II as her second husband.
Reputedly Conrelia Solenina wife of the third century emperor Galienus(c . 218 – 268) and mother of Valerian II, Saloninus, and Marinianus visited the baths . Y.
Four of these stars, with Bayer designations Gamma, Delta 1, Epsilon, and Theta Tauri, form an asterism that is traditionally identified as the head of Taurus the Bull.
On July 7, 2007, Donaire won the IBF flyweight title with a one - punch, fifth - round knockout of the then undefeated Vic Darchinyan.
Raithu Bidda (" English: " Farmer of Common Origins) (" Telugu ": రైతు బిడ్డ, lit.
The geographic coordinates of Firstview are roughly the antipodes of the coordinates of Île Saint - Paul, a French island in the Indian Ocean.
Three months later, he stopped former NABF heavyweight champion Travis Walker in seven rounds.
Vidhi () is a 2017 - 2018 Indian - Tamil Language Family soap opera starring Sreeja, Reshmi, Jegathish, Ravi Raj, Surjith Ansary and Anu.
When they were in London she would also play with George and Gerald Lascelles, the children of the Princess Royal, who were her second cousins.
Bateman Island is an island located on the Columbia River between the cities of Richland and Kennewick, Washington, in the United States.
In 1953, at the age of seven, Nielsen met the Austrian soprano Hilde Güden while she was on tour in Iowa.
Saratov Bridge (, " Sarátovskij most "), crossing the Volga River in Saratov, Russia was the longest bridge in the Soviet Union upon its inauguration in 1965.
Several of her pupils went on to have successful opera careers including mezzo - soprano Giuseppina Pasqua and tenor Giovanni Battista De Negri.
The Stone Roses' Reni had said in an earlier press conference when asked about the current state of the music industry, " Dirty North from Wythenshawe, they're great.
A native of New York City, Cohn competed in the 1904 Summer Olympics, the 1906 Intercalated Games in Athens and 1908 Summer Olympics in London.
Johnny and June's son John Carter Cash is Rosanne's half brother.
Blasdel went on to get promoted to Private, and from there to Corporal.
Hōjō Ujiyasu, a renowned strategist and domestic manager, had also died, leaving his less prominent son Ujimasa in place.
Agostino Cardamone (born December 1, 1965) is a former Italian pro boxer of Romani origin best known to win the European title at middleweight class.
Albert Mayaud (31 March 1899 – 14 August 1987) was a French water polo player and freestyle swimmer who competed at the 1920 and 1924 Summer Olympics.
 Brothers in Arms 3: Sons of War , just like the previous games, is set during World War II, this time in Normandy, 1944.
There, he won the silver medal in the welterweight division (– 67   kg) after having lost to Jochen Bachfeld of East Germany in the final.
Pertti Johannes Karppinen (born 17 February 1953) is a retired Finnish rower noted for his three consecutive Olympic gold medals in single sculls in 1976, 1980 and 1984.
Masako was born in Tokyo Prefecture, the daughter of Emperor Meiji and Lady Sachiko.
Malinowski's argument that the Oedipus complex is not universal has been questioned by anthropologist Melford E. Spiro in his book " Oedipus in the Trobriands " (1982).
On 13 February 1797 in Berlin, Augusta married Prince William of Hesse - Kassel, eldest surviving son of William IX, Landgrave of Hesse - Kassel.
Before the building of the first Gunthorpe Bridge in 1875, it was an important crossing point over the River Trent at the Hazelford Ferry ().
Kaur started her filming career with the 2014 Hindi film " Mardaani " in the role of Meera.
He competed at the 2010 and 2014 Asian Games, and the 2012 and 2016 Summer Olympics.
In October 2016, Berridge took on long time rival Adrian Taihia, defending Berridges New Zealand (NZPBA version) Light Heavyweight title for the second time.
From his marriage to Effat Marashi in 1958, Rafsanjani had three sons: Mohsen, Mehdi, and Yasser, as well as two daughters, Fatemeh and Faezeh.
After King Wen's death, Nangong Kuo became a key adviser of his son King Wu.
Major General Sir Reginald Laurence Scoones (18 December 1900 – October 1991) was a British Army officer who served during the Second World War and its aftermath.
Firstly, from the wife of Paul III, Catherine Dandolo from Venice, then Jelena Šubić, the mother of Ban Tvrtko I of Bosnia.
In Koblenz, the Pfaffendorf Bridge over the Rhine was completed in 1864 to connect to the Right Rhine line to Niederlahnstein and Wiesbaden.
The Hite Crossing Bridge is an arch bridge that carries Utah State Route 95 across the Colorado River northwest of Blanding, Utah, United States.
His performance helped the Cowboys take some of the running load from fullback Don Perkins and reach its first championship game.
He was the third son of Yang Jian and Dugu Qieluo, after Yang Yong and Yang Guang.
Several players from 2008 either transferred or left the team, including quarterback Robert Marve, receiver Jermaine McKenzie, running back Shawnbrey McNeal, and offensive lineman Christopher Barney.
The next and last rebellion by a " stratēgos " of the Anatolics was that of Nikephoros Xiphias in 1022, against Basil II (r. 976–1025)..
Sumner was creator and producer of " Any Woman Can Fix It ", a home improvement television series for women, played on CBC (Canada) for sixty - five shows run.
He was unable to stop the Japanese advance and had conflicting opinions on how to conduct the campaign with his commanding officer, Lieutenant General Arthur Percival.
Orestis Makris (; September 30, 1898 – January 29, 1975) was a Greek actor and tenor.
Sher 25 is a blue supergiant star in the constellation Carina, located approximately 25,000 light years from the Sun in the H II region NGC 3603 of the Milky Way.
Susan Metcalfe Casals (1878–1959) was an American mezzo - soprano who married Pau Casals, the cellist.
The figure depicts Edward VII in the uniform of a field marshal, also wearing a cloak and with a crown on his head.
Casimir already had two sons: Ziemomysł of Kuyavia and Leszek II the Black from his first marriage to Constance of Silesia.
Italy will participate in the Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2015 in Sofia, Bulgaria after winning in its first appearance in the 2014 contest.
 Luftflotte  3, under the command of " Generalfeldmarschall " Hugo Sperrle was to carry out the bulk of the operation.
Nurhayat Hiçyakmazer married on September 16, 2010 to K-1 fighter Erhan " Pitbull Attack " Deniz, a Turkish kickboxing champion and her former trainer.
Olaf Johannessen (19 April 1886 – 10 December 1943) was a Norwegian shooter who competed in the early 20th century in rifle shooting.
He returned to the United States in 1912 and toured with the contralto Ernestine Schumann - Heink.
He rebounded from the loss, challenging World Boxing Organization Super Bantamweight champion Kenny Mitchell and winning by disqualification.
Richards was succeeded by General Sir Nicholas Houghton on 18 July 2013.
Kaaviya Thalaivi (தமிழ்: காவியத்தலைவி,) is a Tamil language film was directed by K. Balachandar.
Although the marriage produced the necessary heir, Philip fell in love with Bertrade de Montfort, the wife of Fulk IV, Count of Anjou.
Tibbs was one of six persons featured in the play " The Exonerated " (2002), based on accounts from death row inmates who were exonerated.
The Mozambique Fed Cup team represents Mozambique in Fed Cup tennis competition and are governed by the Federação Moçambicana de Ténis.
Strutt lives on the island of South Ronaldsay in Orkney, Scotland.
Another Papianilla, the wife of the poet Sidonius Apollinaris, was a relative of hers . Sidonius Apollinaris, " Epistles ", II 9.3; VII 12.1.
He currently plays for Fuerza Regia of the Mexican basketball league Liga Nacional de Baloncesto Profesional.
MN 13 takes it to Mendota, at which point it crosses the Minnesota River near its mouth on the Mendota Bridge (MN 55) and passes Fort Snelling.
John Zápolya named Martinuzzi and Péter Petrovics guardians of his infant son John II Sigismund, who was elected King of Hungary by the Diet (with Martinuzzi as regent).
While on Lemnos, Hart commanded the brigade for a 12-day period when its nominal commander, Brigadier General Francis Earl Johnston, was hospitalised.
Leopold Stokowski conducted the NBC Symphony Orchestra and the Westminster Choir, with soloist Jennie Tourel (mezzo - soprano).
Vasantha Geetha () is a 1980 Indian Kannada romantic drama film directed by Dorai - Bhagwan duo.
Zeta Scuti, Latinized from ζ Scuti, is the Bayer designation for a star in the southern constellation of Scutum.
These lunettes, painted by Leonardo da Vinci, depict the coats of arms of Leonardo's patron, Ludovico Sforza and his sons, Maximilian and Francesco.
By the 21st century, Scottish tennis was greatly advanced, thanks partly to the efforts of Judy Murray in training up her sons Andy and Jamie Murray to international standard.
Maun is an island in the Adriatic Sea located southwest of Pag and northeast of Olib.
He offers Paul a ghola of his concubine Chani, who has just died giving birth to their twin children Leto II and Ghanima, in exchange for Paul surrendering his Empire to Tleilaxu control.
They often cite Ágoston Trefort, who, In 1877, was the Minister of Religion and Education, and later the President of the Hungarian Academy of Sciences.
Major General Patrick Holberton Man CB CBE DSO MC (1913 - 10 October 1979) was General Officer Commanding Aldershot District.
As a professional Hassen lost to David Kotey for the African Boxing Union featherweight title . Boxrec Tahar Ben Hassen
Andrei Andreyevich Danilov (; born 19 September 1991) is a Russian football goalkeeper.
In London, he was the usual stage partner of the great dramatic soprano Thérèse Tietjens.
Sasakul turned pro in 1991 and captured the WBC and lineal flyweight titles with a win over Yuri Arbachakov in 1997.
George Fox, founder of the Society of Friends, and Margaret Fell married using a modification of this procedure in 1669.
Born in Geneva, Switzerland, the son of Georges and Ludmilla Pitoëff, Sacha Pitoëff played his first film role in 1952.
At the 1992 Summer Olympics he won a bronze medal in the men's Welterweight category, together with Aníbal Acevedo of Puerto Rico.
The conflict was a succession crisis precipitated by the accidental death of William Adelin, the only legitimate son of Henry I, in 1120.
Tommy McKearney (born 1952) is a former volunteer in the Provisional Irish Republican Army who took part in the 1980 hunger strike.
The Jade Belt Bridge is the most well - known of the six bridges on the western shore of Kunming Lake.
Competing in the 2015 Grand Prix season, Yan placed 4th at Skate America and took bronze at Cup of China.
 Wet on the Set - Nikki Charm Back in Porn , " Adult Video News ", March 3, 2000.Nikki Charm (filmography), Internet Adult Film Database.
However, Kayako suddenly brought Takeo a child she claimed as their son just after their move to a new house, naming him Toshio.
One of the officers who began his career in the squadron during this era was future Air Marshal Sir Charles Steele.
In 1994, Yoba began his role as NYPD Detective J.C. Williams on the popular FOX police drama series " New York Undercover ", opposite Michael DeLorenzo.
He returned in 1532 with personal recommendation letters from Albert to King Sigismund I the Old, Prince Sigismund II Augustus and Queen Bona Sforza . Kirkienė (2008), pp.
Lake Traverse is the southernmost body of water in the Hudson Bay watershed of North America located along the border between the U.S. states of Minnesota and South Dakota.
On 14 January 1806 in Munich, Augusta married Eugène de Beauharnais, only son of Josephine de Beauharnais and Alexandre, vicomte de Beauharnais and stepson of Napoleon.
NGC 485, also commonly referred to as PGC 4921 or GC 270, is a spiral galaxy in the constellation Pisces.
Andrew Langford (born May 1986) is a strength & conditioning coach and former professional basketball player born in Leeds, England.
The First Army was reconstituted as the French Army B under the command of General Jean de Lattre de Tassigny in the summer of 1944.
It combines the structure of the earlier Aqua with the asymmetrical hull design of the Molokai, HI, and the beaching ability of the Pacific cat.
In " The Hobbit " films, it is Radagast who first discovers the presence of the Necromancer at Dol Guldur, and alerts Gandalf who in turn informs the White Council, including Saruman.
Malmros' " Barbara " (1997) is an adaptation of the classic Danish novel by Jørgen - Frantz Jacobsen set in the Faroe Islands.
Brigadier General Dollard Ménard (7 March 1913 – 14 January 1997) was a Canadian general.
NGC 494, also occasionally referred to as PGC 5035 or GC 282, is a barred spiral galaxy in the constellation Pisces.
The River Thames forms a short section of northern boundary with the Isle of Dogs in the London Borough of Tower Hamlets.
Delroy James (born June 4, 1987) is a Guyanese - born, naturalised American professional basketball player for AEK Athens of the Greek League.
She speaks Hindi in " Yamala Pagla Deewana " as well as Russian and broken English in " Dum Maro Dum ".
Harry Spencer Davis (born 24 September 1991) is an English professional footballer, who plays as a defender for Scottish Championship side St Mirren.
Its west end terminates at Longkun Road and its east end terminates at the Qiongzhou Bridge which crosses the Nandu River.
A European resident since 1981, Dryden continued his operatic tuition with the baritone Karl Schmitt - Walter in Munich, Germany.
It is the final chapter of the Corbucci's trilogy about the Mexican revolution, after " The Mercenary " and " Compañeros ".
Daughter of Élisabeth Vigée Le Brun, Julie Le Brun was born in Paris.
Brigadier - General Sir (Robert) Harvey Kearsley (28 March 1880 – 9 May 1956) was a senior British Army officer and courtier in the Household of Elizabeth II.
Charlie Spiller (born October 18, 1983) is a former American football wide receiver.
In addition to British, Canadian, Belgian, New Zealander, Australian and Indian troops fought on the side of the Allies, under the command of Field Marshal Douglas Haig.
His parents, David Burke and Anna Calder - Marshall, are also actors, as were his godparents, Alan Rickman and Bridget Turner . Scott, Danny (2 March 2014).
A paternal aunt of Mrs. Coffee was Andrew Jackson's wife, Rachel Donelson Robards.
Reed in 1953 played the role of Alma " Lorene " Burke, girlfriend of Montgomery Clift's character, in the World War II drama " From Here to Eternity . "
Major General Maurice Rose (November 26, 1899 – March 30, 1945) was a United States Army general during World War II and World War I veteran.
On 23 August 1898 the expedition ship " Southern Cross " left London for the Ross Sea, reaching Cape Adare on 17 February 1899.
The 4 miles 5 furlongs (7,400 m) race is held on the Thames between London Bridge and Cadogan Pier, Chelsea, passing under a total of eleven bridges en route.
φ Pegasi, Latinised as Phi Pegasi, is a solitary, reddish hued star in the northern constellation of Pegasus.
In 1976, Alexander's next venture was Stephanie's Restaurant located in the Melbourne suburb of Fitzroy before moving to the middle - class suburb of Hawthorn in 1980.
Her sole Telugu release that year was " Namo Venkatesa ".
Kristianstad County () was a county of Sweden from 1719 to 31 December 1996 when it was merged with Malmöhus County to form Skåne County.
In May 1956 he fought fellow Welsh heavyweight, Joe Erskine, in the Maindy Stadium, Cardiff, in front of 35,000 fans.
In 1946, Princess Elizabeth was accompanied by her mother to the house six times to sit for Moynihan, who had been commissioned to make her portrait.
While searching for a dentist in San Francisco, Alex Kapranos, a member of Franz Ferdinand, was found by Ron and Russell Mael of Sparks.
Lance later appears in The Titans as a friend of Jesse Quick's mother, the aged heroine Liberty Belle.
The exhibit was opened by retired Air Chief Marshal Sir Richard Johns on the 25th anniversary of the Falklands war.
Franz portrayed U. S. representative Charles A. Halleck of Indiana in the 1974 made - for - television film " The Missiles of October ", based on the Cuban Missile Crisis.
The Japanese minister to Korea, Lieutenant - General Viscount Miura, almost certainly orchestrated the plot against her.
He commanded the artillery under Lord Lake during the Second Anglo - Maratha War in 1803–5, including the battles of Siege of Aligarh and Delhi, siege of Agra, seiges Deeg and Bhurtpore.
Several eruptive episodes from 1,600 to 270 years before present in Mono Lake formed Negit Island.
She was the eldest daughter of Queen Isabella I of Jerusalem and Count Henry II of Champagne.
Robert Parlane (c. 1848 – 13 January 1918) was a Scottish footballer who played as a goalkeeper.
The next system developed in the western Caribbean on the last day of October, before crossing over the Yucatan Peninsula and making landfall in Florida as a Category 1 hurricane.
Brigadier General Hugh Fenwick Brooke, (9 June 1871 – 13 April 1948) was a senior British Army officer during the First World War.
Rickon Stark is Lord Eddard and Lady Catelyn's youngest child, naturally aggressive and strong - willed.
Elizabeth Knollys married Sir Thomas Leighton of Feckenham, Worcestershire, son of John Leighton of Wattlesborough in Shropshire and his wife, Joyce Sutton, in 1578.
In football, notable Alumni include Dick Butkus, Red Grange, Jeff George, Simeon Rice, Ray Nitschke and George Halas.
In 1857, Phillips served in the Wisconsin State Assembly . Members of the Wisconsin Legislature 1848 - 1997, pg.
He returned in 1532 with personal recommendation letters from Albert to King Sigismund I the Old, Prince Sigismund II Augustus and Queen Bona Sforza . Kirkienė (2008), pp.
It is approximately orbiting the star GSC 02620 - 00648, in the constellation Hercules.
While in the U.S. Army, he married Teri Bauer and had one child, Kim Bauer.
He was sired by the good sire Blandford, a three - time British champion sire, whose other progeny included Bahram, Brantome, Trigo, Pasch and Windsor Lad.
His sister was Rhoda Delaval, an artist and wife of Edward Astley.
His grandson was Israeli President Chaim Herzog, and his great - grandson is politician Isaac Herzog.
In the story, Bingo Little wants to win prize money from the Drones Club Fat Uncles Sweepstakes after he loses money entrusted to him by his wife Rosie.
One of the most important was the Oberiu movement that included the most famous Russian absurdist Daniil Kharms, Konstantin Vaginov, Alexander Vvedensky and Nikolay Zabolotsky.
He was responsible for the initial construction of the Federal facilities on Alcatraz Island in San Francisco Bay and Fort Point, San Francisco.
Before the Johor - Singapore Causeway across the Straits of Johor was built, the railway in Singapore was limited to the island.
Byomkesh O Chiriyakhana is 2016 Indian Thriller film on Bengali fictional detective Byomkesh Bakshi.
Aldo Tarlao (born March 26, 1924) is an Italian rower who competed in the 1948 Summer Olympics and in the 1952 Summer Olympics.
Avery's first short for MGM was the World War II parody " Blitz Wolf ", which was nominated for the 1942 Academy Award for Short Subjects (Cartoons).
General James Parker responded by sending Colonel Robert Bullard and 400 soldiers into Mexico on the same day.
Aerope was the mother by Thyestes of 
It was formally dedicated in an impressive ceremony in August 1912 by Canada's Governor General the Duke of Connaught who was also Queen Victoria's son Prince Arthur.
Williamson and Denis Whitburn worked on a World War II miniseries with director Chris Thomson titled " The Last Bastion ", which ran on Network Ten.
Ming Xi modeled the Victoria's Secret Fashion Show in 2013, 2014, 2015, 2016 and 2017.
Terry Kath, lead guitarist for the band Chicago, used it on many of their early recordings as well.
As part of the 1935 Collegiate All - Star football team, Ford played against the Chicago Bears in the Chicago College All - Star Game at Soldier Field.
Jeffra then moved up in weight to featherweight, where he fought several bouts against Joey Archibald.
Her first notable role was on the Nickelodeon series " The Naked Brothers Band ", which starred her cousins Nat Wolff and Alex Wolff and was created by her aunt Polly Draper.
Heybeliada Island is part of the Prince Islands archipelago in the Sea of Marmara, to the southeast of Istanbul.
Her father was Prince Alexander of Teck (later the 1st Earl of Athlone), the youngest son of Francis, Duke of Teck, and Princess Mary Adelaide of Cambridge.
Alexandro Pozzer (born 21 December 1988) is a Brazilian handball player for Puerto Sagunto and the Brazilian national team.
Stefan Ulmer (born December 1, 1990) is an Austrian professional ice hockey Defenseman currently playing for HC Lugano in the National League A (NLA).
In March 1972, Air Marshal Sir Colin Hannah resigned as CAS one year short of his planned three - year term, to become Governor of Queensland.
NGC 84 (PGC 3325897) is a star in the constellation of Andromeda.
The New Zealand Breakers are a New Zealand professional basketball team based in Auckland.
Among them was Flight Lieutenant John F. Leeming RAF, who had been captured with Air Marshal Owen Tudor Boyd (as his Aide - de - Camp) in 1940.
He was the second surviving son of Pepin the Short and Bertrada of Laon and was a younger brother of Charlemagne.
Eadred Ætheling (Old English " Eadred Æþeling ") (died c.1012) was the fourth of the six sons of King Æthelred the Unready by his first wife Ælfgifu . M.
NY   378 goes back to four lanes before crossing the Hudson River on the Menands Bridge, entering the city of Troy.
Yoona had gone through about 200 auditions for music videos, dramas, and movies before becoming a singer for Girls' Generation.
Johanna Liebeneiner is a German stage, film and television actress . Goble p.428 She is the daughter of the actors Hilde Krahl and Wolfgang Liebeneiner.
Andronikos Doukas Angelos was the son of Constantine Angelos and Theodora Komnene (b.
In the late 1960s, he appeared in a leading role as Vincent in the World War II drama series " Manhunt " on LWT and various episodes of " The Avengers ".
According to rabbinic literature, Asenath was really the daughter of Shechem and Dinah, and only the foster - daughter of Potiphar."Targ .- Jon . "
In 2013 he wrote the nonfiction book " Chain Saw Confidential ", which focuses on the making and reception for " The Texas Chain Saw Massacre ".
Vlieland, being the outermost of the Frisian barrier islands, sees its climate the most moderated by the North- and Wadden Sea.
Superboy, Mon - El, and the Legion of Super - Heroes join the fight and save Supergirl and the predestined future of their home worlds.
Ladislaus   IV, whose mother, Elisabeth, was a Cuman chieftain's daughter, preferred his Cuman kin, which made him unpopular.
She was also a choreographer in the Hindi film, " Umrao Jaan " (1981), along with Gopi Krishna.
It is the sequel to " Game Change ", which explored the 2008 United States presidential election.
The film was remade in Hindi as " Love Ke Liye Kuch Bhi Karega " and is loosely based on the American film " Ruthless People ".
From 1730, he was a lover of Duchess of Bouillon, wife of the Emmanuel Théodose de La Tour d'Auvergne, mother of the future Princess of Beauvau.
Gary Ivan Gordon (August 30, 1960   – October 3, 1993) was a master sergeant in the United States Army and a recipient of the Medal of Honor.
Several senior German military officers, including Generalfeldmarschall Walter Model and Gerd von Rundstedt, expressed concern as to whether the goals of the offensive could be realized.
He published numerous papers in Engineering, the Proceedings of the Institution of Mechanical Engineers, the Proceedings of the Royal Society, and other journals.
Nyasha Hatendi was born on 14 September 1981 in Washington, D.C., US to the late David Hatendi, a Zimbabwean banker and Rhodes Scholar, and Angelina Hatendi (née Musewe).
The occupancy of the show surpassed the Hindi films Baar Baar Dekho and Freaky Ali.
He spends his nights as a hooded vigilante named the " Arrow " who stops crime in the city.
She later had a prominent role in the 2014 film " Fury ", in which she played a German woman named Irma who meets up with an American tank crew during World War II.
The tenure of the previous incumbent, General Sir Roger Wheeler, also a former CGS, expired on 31 July and Dannatt became constable on 1 August 2009.
BL Boötis (abbreviated to BL Boo) is a pulsating variable star in the constellation Boötes.
Cecil Percival Heywood, second son of the third Baronet and father of the fifth Baronet, was a Major - General in the Army.
The soloists at the premiere were the sopranos Anna Maria Strada and Cecilia Young, the tenor John Beard, and a bass called Erard (first name unknown).
It was premiered by the American countertenor Lawrence Zazzo.
Antha Rathirikku Satchi Illai is a 1982 Tamil Indian feature film directed by R. Sundarrajan.
Evance Malenga (born 12 September 1967) is a former Malawian featherweight boxer.
They were developed by Armstrong Siddeley in Coventry, which later became Bristol Siddeley in 1959, and finally Rolls - Royce in 1966.
Connors played Air Force Colonel Harrison " Hack " Peters in Herman Wouk's 1988 World War II - based miniseries " War and Remembrance ".
NGC 196 is a lenticular galaxy located in the constellation Cetus.
It rises on Mynydd Epynt and flows southwards to join the River Usk at Brecon ().
It is only 472   km (293 miles) long, from the northernmost point of the Czech Republic to one of the southernmost points of the Baltic Sea at the Oder estuary.
The club's scope grew to include other Commodore computers, with dedicated chapters for the PET, VIC-20, Commodore 64, Commodore 128, and Amiga.
Ancharakkulla Vandi is a 1989 Indian Malayalam film, directed by Jayadevan, starring Rajeev and sethu ragavan in the lead roles.
His nephew Harry Boland was a basketball player who competed in the 1948 Summer Olympics in London.
In Ancient Egypt, Ahmose - Henuttamehu (17th Dynasty, 1574 BCE): Henuttamehu was probably a daughter of Seqenenre Tao and Ahmose Inhapy.
She is believed to be a daughter of the Welsh King Brychan, and a native of South Wales who travelled to North Cornwall to join her siblings in converting the locals to Christianity.
Dakar is the capital city of Senegal, located on the Cape Verde Peninsula on the country's Atlantic coast.
Delta Leonis (δ Leonis, abbreviated Delta Leo, δ Leo), also named Zosma, is a star in the zodiac constellation of Leo.
The camp was named for Brigadier General Allison Nelson who was in command of the 10th Texas Infantry Regiment.
Mal Donaghy passed a fitness test and partnered Steve Foster in defence, while Rob Johnson was preferred as left back to Ashley Grimes.
In 1940, she married for the first time to William Vincent Astor (1891–1959), son of Colonel John Jacob Astor IV and Ava Lowle Willing.
Helie of Burgundy (– 28 February 1141) was the daughter of Eudes I and Sibylla of Burgundy.
The Octavia Butler novel " Kindred ", which uses the science fiction concept of time travel to explore slavery in the United States, is partially set in Maryland's Eastern Shore.
The second Super Series cruiserweight quarterfinal featured Yunier Dorticos defending his WBA (Regular) title against Dmitry Kudryashov.
Before working on the film, Scott had worked on visual effects in a few films Tamil films including " Eeram " and " Arundathi ".
Ivan Ćurić (born 18 May 1987 in Split) is a Croatian football forward who currently plays for NK Solin in the Treća HNL.
In 2009, Bortko caused another big controversy, followed by a huge public success, with his film adaptation of the historical novel " Taras Bulba " written by the Russian author Nikolai Gogol.
At Pegu, Prince Binnya Nwe's first wife, Talamidaw, who had just given birth to their first child Bawlawkyantaw, was deeply hurt.
Shaw was a member of the Upstarts, a group made up of Siena Blaze, Graydon Creed, Fabian Cortez, Trevor Fitzroy and probationary members Andreas and Andrea Strucker (of Fenris).
In addition to her brother Jeff, Austin's brothers Doug and John were also professional tennis players.
Judith Bettina is an American soprano particularly noted for her performances of contemporary classical music.
Cherie Gil is the daughter of Filipino actors Eddie Mesa and Rosemarie Gil, and sister of fellow actors, Michael de Mesa and the late Mark Gil.
He was replaced by " SS - Obergruppenführer und General der Waffen - SS und der Polizei " Alfred Wünnenberg, who served until the end of the war.
His victor was Wing Commander Walter Gibb and Flying Officer Kendall of No 239 Squadron, Royal Air Force (RAF), part of No.
Their son was Wing Commander Hugh John Beazley, DFC (1916 - 2011), a famed World War II Royal Air Force fighter pilot.
Johnson's co - composers for " Release " include Kelly Gray (Queensrÿche and Slave to the System), Milton Davis, and ex - Joan Jett guitarist Ricky Byrd.
Mpangi Merikani (born 4 April 1967) is a retired Zaire international footballer, who played as a goalkeeper.
: Synopsis The film is a remake of successful Bengali language film, " Hemlock Society ", which starred Koel Mallick and Parambrata Chatterjee in lead roles.
Kana Nakanishi and Akari Takeuchi are announced as new sub - leaders of ANGERME.
He is the son of revue writer and actor Bjørn Sand and actress Unni Bernhoft.
p. 290 . sister of fashion model Veruschka, whose father was involved in the July 20 plot to assassinate Hitler.
The Southern Distributor Road to the south of the city opened in 2004, including the new City Bridge over the River Usk, improving access and opening up new areas for development.
 The IGF is the first organisation in Internet governance whose founding was explicitly based on the multi - stakeholder principle . 
Alexandra Kamieniecki (born September 1, 1996) is a Polish figure skater.
Bishopton is located around from the southern end of the Erskine Bridge, which spans the River Clyde between Renfrewshire and West Dunbartonshire.
At the Minnesota - Wisconsin border I-90 is carried on a high bridge over the upper Mississippi River, departing La Crescent, Minnesota.
Himiltrude bore Charles a son called Pépin.
On 7 June 2011 Witter entered the welterweight version of the Prizefighter tournament at the York Hall in London and defeated Nathan Graham and Kevin McIntyre on the way to the final.
Major - General David Anthony Hirst Shaw CBE (born 19 February 1957) is a former British Army officer who commanded 2nd Division.
Fashion designer Jasper Conran is his son with his second wife, writer Shirley Conran.
He relinquished command of JTF 633 to Major General John Cantwell on 14 January 2010.
The Giurgiu - Ruse Friendship Bridge, in the shared Bulgarian - Romanian section of the Danube, crosses the river in the outskirts of the city.
Maureen Shea of the Bronx, New York, is the current IFBA Jr Featherweight World Champion, current NABA Featherweight Champion and former Interim WBC Featherweight Champion.
Bruce Abel is an American bass singer.
Champ de Mars is a ghost station along line 8 of the Paris Métro, between the stations la Motte - Picquet - Grenelle and École Militaire.
He also said that he resigned to spend more time with his new wife Melanie Blatt, one of UK girl group All Saints, and their new baby Lilyella.
(" In Estonian ") and in the Baltic Sea near the island of Hiiumaa . Hiiumaa Wind Farm 4energia.ee.
Martina Janková (born 1972, Orlová) is a Czech operatic soprano.
Dick Packer was a U.S. soccer center forward who was a member of the U.S. team at the 1956 Summer Olympics.
They maintained contact with the two German ships through the night despite appalling weather, and successfully guided Vice - Admiral Lancelot Holland's two capital ships and into position to intercept " Bismarck ".
Curtis Osano (born 8 March 1987) is an English footballer who plays as a defender, most recently for Farnborough.
Ingebjorg grandfather's mother, Isrid Gudbrandsdatter, was the daughter of Gudbrand Kula from Oppland and sister of Åsta Gudbrandsdatter, who was the mother of Kings Olaf II and Harald Hardrada.
Prince Felix and Princess Claire's Daughter Amalia was born in 15 June 2014 at the Grand Duchess Charlotte Maternity Hospital.
Fairview began to grow after the building of Annesley Bridge in 1797 opened up easy access to the land; since 1488 there had been no crossing of the River Tolka below Ballybough Bridge.
After the death of the expeditionary corps commander, general of division Charles Leclerc, Poret de Morvan was among the men who accompanied the general's body back to France.
and later commonly referred to as Rosalie Levasseur (8 October 1749 – 6 May 1826) was a French soprano who is best remembered for her work with the composer Christoph Willibald Gluck.
George Perkins Hawkes (March 7, 1824 – September 21, 1903) was a colonel in the Union Army during the American Civil War.
His father, Max Joachim, (December 1871–January 4, 1939), owned a haberdashery while his mother, Pauline Joachim, (May 1874–November 26, 1935), was a housewife.
Horthy was arrested by Waffen SS Brigadeführer Edmund Veesenmayer and held overnight in SS offices.
William Renwick Smedberg III (September 28, 1902 – October 5, 1994) was a vice admiral in the United States Navy.
Paula Frías Allende (22 October 1963 – 6 December 1992) was the daughter of Chilean - American author, Isabel Allende Llona.
Along the Pacific, their range includes all of Baja California, including Islas Marías, and Socorro Island in the Revillagigedo Islands.
The PD Draw is an abandoned and partially dismantled railroad bridge across the Passaic River from Newark to Kearny.
In early 2000 Parisi asked the Democrats of the Left, then led by Walter Veltroni, to dissolve into a new " Democratic Party ".
In this shrine, there is also a sculpture of young Koxinga and his mother Tagawa Matsu.
Although the association of this name with the Cogan House Covered Bridge is not made explicitly, it is described as still standing on Larrys Creek and being north of a bridge in Mifflin Township.
 Chilatherina pricei  is endemic to Yapen, Cenderawasih Bay, Western New Guinea, Indonesia, where it is found in the main channel of the Reifafeif river system over boulders or rocks.
The album featured a guest appearance from Simone Simons of Epica, who also appeared on " Gods of Vermin ".
Diaz followed Imelda Marcos, the former First Lady of the Philippines, for a month and interviewed her daughter Imee and her son Ferdinand, Jr.
On October 18, 2014, Donaire made the first defense of his WBA (Super) featherweight championship against undefeated Jamaican, WBA (Regular) featherweight champion Nicholas Walters.
Her portrayal of an autistic woman in " Barfi! "
Thomas selected Damon Stoudamire, a point guard out of Arizona, around whom the franchise would seek to construct its near future.
Bala Bharatam (Telugu: బాలభారతము) is a 1972 Telugu film wherein most of the characters are played by children.
Then, a short 30 seconds later, a second Zero, piloted by Ensign Kiyoshi Ogawa, plunged into its suicide dive.
Her first appearance onscreen was the Tamil film Chitthi (1966).
Before joining Genoa, Frey revealed talks with French spenders PSG during the summer transfer window, but the capital side eventually acquired Palermo goalkeeper Salvatore Sirigu instead.
Both the Rigolets Bridge and the Chef Menteur Bridge across Chef Menteur Pass in New Orleans East were damaged, but have since been reopened.
The regiment distinguished itself in the Asia Minor Campaign and the Greco - Italian War, where it participated in the battles of Klisura and Pogradec.
As a sergeant in the Australian Imperial Force, McGee was awarded the Victoria Cross for his actions in the Battle of Broodseinde — part of the Passchendaele offensive — on 4 October 1917.
He is the husband of Maricruz Nájera, and the father of Odiseo, Demián and Bruno Bichir.
Madalsa Sharma was born on 26 September to film producer and director Subhash Sharma and actress Sheela Sharma.
Andrew Copp (born July 8, 1994) is an American professional ice hockey forward who is currently with the Winnipeg Jets of the National Hockey League (NHL).
The park entrance is located on State Forest Road east of the Scott Covered Bridge, on the south side of the West River.
Their internal format follows the structure of an optical disc file system, commonly ISO 9660 (for CDs) or UDF (for DVDs).
Across the Monongahela River to the north, Homestead runs adjacent with the Pittsburgh neighborhoods of Squirrel Hill South (direct connection via Homestead Grays Bridge) and Swisshelm Park.
Anup Sengupta () is a Bengali film Director and Producer . Actress Piya Sengupta is his wife and his son Bonny Sengupta is also an actor.
In 1977, Stewart and Gouldman released 10cc's " Deceptive Bends " album, with singles " The Things We Do for Love " peaking at No.
 Raveena Tandon, previously starring in " Bangaru Bullodu " and " Akasa Veedhilo ", marks her return to the Telugu Film Industry after twelve years.
This feature, known as the Dalkey Island exploration prospect, may be prospective for oil, as there are prolific oil productive Lower Triassic reservoirs nearby in the eastern Irish Sea offshore Liverpool.
Hamilton won her first professional role in HBO ’s World War II film " Into the Storm ", produced by Ridley Scott, upon graduating drama school.
Stanford Olsen (born 1960) is an American tenor who has had an active international career in operas and concerts since 1983.
Maxie Baughan, a former NFL linebacker said of Ham, " He was one of the more intelligent players to ever play that position.
The fourth and youngest son of King John II of France and his wife, Bonne of Luxembourg, Philip was the founder of the Burgundian branch of the House of Valois.
Jeffries lost his seat at the 1930 election in the wake of the Great Depression but regained it at the subsequent 1933 election.
נָחֹור " Nāḥōr ") is listed as the son of Terah, amongst two other brothers, Abram and Haran ().
The office was temporarily held by John Watson after Tom Schweich, who was elected in 2010 and reelected in 2014, committed suicide on February 26, 2015.
In 1977, he was joined in West Germany by his wife at the time, actress Eva - Maria Hagen and her daughter Catharina (Nina Hagen).
In 1739, the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences was founded, with people such as Carl Linnaeus and Anders Celsius as early members.
Stensgaard got his national breakthrough with Hvidovre IF, and was touted the successor of former Hvidovre and Danish international goalkeeper Peter Schmeichel.
Vasyl Lomachenko vs. Guillermo Rigondeaux was a professional boxing match contested for the WBO super featherweight championship.
Magro was released on October 14 and replaced by linebacker William Kershaw.
In his second marriage to Anna Juliana Gonzaga, he was the father of Anna of Tyrol, the would - be Holy Roman Empress.
Nexhmije Hoxha (; born February 8, 1921)Profile of Nexhmije Hoxha is the widow of Albanian communist leader Enver Hoxha.
Coyolxauhqui ruled over her brothers, the Four Hundred Southerners, she led them in attack against their mother, Coatlicue, when they learned she was pregnant, convinced she dishonored them all.
The park was opened by Field Marshal John French, 1st Earl of Ypres, who stated, " on that day the 2nd Worcesters saved the British Empire . "
Emilio Naudin, born in Parma on 23 October 1823, died in Bologna on 5 May 1890, was an Italian tenor.
First - choice goalkeeper Darren Randolph chose to leave when his contract expired.
Africa Today has been on the forefront of African Studies research for more than 45 years.
Matthias Stingl (born 27 February 1998) is a German footballer who plays as a defender for SC Paderborn.
A first cousin included " Antoine de Vignerot du Plessis ", son of her aunt Élisabeth Sophie of Lorraine and the famous womaniser Armand de Vignerot du Plessis, duc de Richelieu.
The genealogy of Mingyi Swe and his first wife Shin Myo Myat (), the parents of King Bayinnaung, is unclear.
Isabella was a daughter of the Duke of Modena Francesco I d'Este and Maria Caterina Farnese, daughter of Ranuccio I Farnese, Duke of Parma.
It is a remake of Telugu movie Annayya (2000 film).
Beside Euphronios, Euthymides, Hypsis and the Dikaios painter, Smikros was one of the most important representatives of the so - called Pioneer Group of Athenian red figure vase painting.
Another saying being, that Lord Krishna brought this tree for his beloved queen Satyabhama or Rukmini.
Shipp finished his career at the highest scoring non - center in Phillips 66ers history (Bob Kurland, a center, was the team's all - time leading scorer).
It is approachable from the Atlantic Ocean, where it enters at the town of Tavira in the Algarve, east of Faro.
In his sixth title defense, Darchinyan faced former light flyweight champion Victor Burgos.
It was a remake of the Bengali film Bhagya Chakra.
In 1236, his widow, Marguerite, would marry Pierre Mauclerc, the widowed husband of Alix of Thouars (the granddaughter of Geoffrey IV of Thouars above).
Kajol made her acting debut at the age of seventeen in the 1992 romantic drama " Bekhudi " alongside debutante Kamal Sadanah and her mother Tanuja, who in the film also played her mother.
Since 1948 the West Ruislip branch of the London Underground Central line has run alongside it.
She married Richard Harris in 1957, with whom she had three sons (Damian Harris, Jared Harris, and Jamie Harris).
Cole is also a teacher, and his students include Billie Joe Armstrong and Mike Dirnt of Green Day; Ethan Roberts, and Danny Jones.
Lieutenant - General George Morton Eden (10 May 1806 – November 1862) was a British Army officer who became General Officer Commanding Western District.
In " Star Fox Adventures ", a Nintendo GameCube game set eight years after " Star Fox 64 ", Fox McCloud is hired to stop Dinosaur Planet breaking apart.
1986/2000 stretching north into the Java Sea at West Jakarta Bay and in fact north of Banten Province.
Galrani starred in " Velainu Vandhutta Vellaikaaran " (2016) a Tamil language film where she played a police officer opposite Vishnu Vishal.
On 17 March 2007, he took on Daniel Ponce de León who then held the WBO super bantamweight title.
Gibraltar Islands are a pair of islands in the River Thames in England above Bourne End Railway Bridge on the reach above Cookham Lock, near Cookham Dean, Berkshire.
Marie Greyhounds in the Ontario Hockey League . Tomáš Rachůnek profile He is the younger brother of Ivan Rachůnek and Karel Rachůnek who have also played professional ice hockey . Profile at HC Plzeň official website
His father's early death led to Prabhavatigupta ruling as regent for an extended period of time as their sons Divakarasena, Damodarasena, and Pravarasena were all minors.
This is normally a benign mutation, causing no apparent effects on the secondary, tertiary, or quaternary structures of haemoglobin in conditions of normal oxygen concentration.
The protecting Mother Camels (Arabic al'awa'id العوائذ) is the name given by ancient Arabic nomadic tribes to an asterism in the constellation of Draco.
Moe Hein was born on 10 December 1942, as the youngest son of the journalist and writer Journal Kyaw U Chit Maung and the writer Journal Kyaw Ma Ma Lay.
Lieutenant General Timothy Paul Evans, (born 21 September 1962) is a British Army officer who served as Commander of the Allied Rapid Reaction Corps.
The daughter of Phorcys and Ceto, Stheno was born in the caverns beneath Mount Olympus.
Helen also interviewed Kang Keqing, wife of the future head of state Zhu De.
It was confirmed on May 13, 2007 that Vargas would face Ricardo Mayorga on September 8, 2007, on Showtime PPV for the vacant WBC Continental Americas super middleweight title.
Ngulu Atoll is a coral atoll of three islands in the Caroline Islands in the Pacific Ocean, and forms a legislative district in Yap State in the Federated States of Micronesia.
Mills is a member, along with Steve Wynn, Scott McCaughey, Peter Buck, and Linda Pitmon, of The Baseball Project.
The 2016 Chicago Bears season was the franchise's 97th season in the National Football League and the second under head coach John Fox.
He returned the title to challenge WBC featherweight champion Vicente Saldivar, and won the title when Saldivar gave up after the twelfth round.
 C.   pholidota  has a disjunct, Indo - Pacific distribution, being reported from the Red Sea - Sinai Peninsula, Funafuti Atoll, and the Hawaiian Islands of Maui and Hawaii.
On one occasion Bruno Walter tried it out, and engaged Friedrich Weidemann, the baritone who had premiered " Kindertotenlieder " under Mahler's own baton in 1905.
Vipsania Julia Agrippina, daughter of Marcus Vipsanius Agrippa and Julia the Elder, also known as " Julia Minor " or " Julia the Younger ".
Kara Anne Kennedy was born in 1960 to Joan and Ted Kennedy in Bronxville, New York.
The college spans both sides of the river Cam, colloquially referred to as the " light side " and the " dark side ", with the Mathematical Bridge connecting the two.
The Bayer designation Rho Sagittarii (Rho   Sgr, ρ   Sagittarii, ρ   Sgr) is shared by two stars in the constellation Sagittarius.
Inscriptions attest that the court was once adorned by portraits of Marcus Aurelius's daughter Sabina, Septimius Severus, Gordian, and Velius Rufus, dedicated by the city's Roman colonists.
In 1954, he began teaching at the Music Conservatory of Nuremberg, where he trained his daughter, the mezzo - soprano Brigitte Fassbaender.
Banning Municipal Airport is a city - owned airport a mile southeast of Banning, in Riverside County, California.
She served with 7th U - boat Flotilla until 1 June as a training boat, and as an operational boat until 17 July 1942, under the command of " Korvettenkapitän " Gerhard Bigalk.
In 2003, Balonne Shire Council erected a monument to Waters and another local RAAF identity, Squadron Leader John Jackson, in St   George.
The Kuala Linggi Bridge () is a bridge border of Negeri Sembilan and Malacca crossing Linggi River, Malaysia.
It is the story of Lehi, his wife Sariah, and their four sons: Laman, Lemuel, Sam, and Nephi.
With the enslaved Andromache, Neoptolemos was the father of Molossos and through him, according to the myth, an ancestor of Olympias, the mother of Alexander the Great.
Air Vice - Marshal Ronald Graham, the then Commandant at Bulstrode Park, became the first commandant at Bracknell.
Zdeněk Otava (11 March 1902 - 4 December 1980) was a Czech operatic baritone who had a length career at the Prague National Theatre that spanned more than four decades.
Admiral Angelo Parona commanded the submarines at BETASOM under the control of " Konteradmiral " (Rear Admiral) Karl Dönitz.
Walter Wanger put her in " Blockade " (1938) with Henry Fonda, about the Spanish Civil War.
Her doctoral supervisor was Siemion Fajtlowicz, with whom she worked on the Graffiti computer program for automatically formulating conjectures in graph theory.
In 1563, he married Jane Howard, daughter of Henry Howard, Earl of Surrey, and Frances de Vere, Countess of Surrey.
She was a daughter of Prince Wilhelm of Baden and his wife Princess Maria of Leuchtenberg, as well as an elder sister of Prince Maximilian of Baden, 8th Chancellor of Germany.
 two sons, Tantalus and Pleisthenes, and in Euripides' " Cretan Women ", it may have been these childrenWebster, pp.
Paul William Miller (January 23, 1913 – June 2, 1992) was a halfback in the National Football League.
He was hailed as the successor to Osip Petrov, he was renowned for his outstanding dramatic talent as an actor, and he was considered the leading bass at the Imperial Opera.
Dunstan returned in November with a points win over Peter Oboh, and in December 1999 faced Carl Thompson for the vacant British cruiserweight title.
As a consequence, the United States was left without the Republic of China as a military ally against communism in the Pacific.
Garden Island is located in Gulf St Vincent within the Port River estuary about north - west of the Adelaide city centre and to the immediate south - east of Torrens Island.
Mangaiyar Ullam Mangatha Selvam () is a 1962 Indian, Tamil language film directed by Vedantam Raghavaiah.
He was a nephew of actor and singer Frank Stallone, and grandson of Jackie Stallone.
Much of the 1996 film " The Crucible ", based on Arthur Miller's play regarding the Salem witch trials, was filmed on the island.
In July 1945, at White Hart Lane, Tottenham, Woodcock defeated the current champion Jack London to take the British and Empire heavyweight tiles.
Beau Starr's well - known television role was in the 1990s Canadian television series " Due South " as Lieutenant Harding Welsh of the Chicago Police Department.
The organisation features prominently in Larry Bond's tale of a fictionalised Cold War conflict in South Africa, " Vortex ".
a Luxembourg, Netherlands and Belgium were among the founders of the predecessor of the OECD, the OEEC, in 1948
In fall 630, Emperor Taizong made him an advisor to his son and crown prince Li Chengqian, no longer a chancellor.
 MGR Nagaril  is a remake of Malayalam - language blockbuster " In Harihar Nagar " directed by Siddique - Lal duo, which was released in 1990.
It featured music, by Peter Howell and Paddy Kingsland, for the 1980 " Doctor Who " serials " Meglos " and " Full Circle ".
In 1927, Aurelia Schober Plath, who would become the mother of the poet Sylvia Plath, worked as a secretary for Terzaghi.
In 1974, it was renamed the " Sidney Sherman Bridge " after Sidney Sherman who led the Texas Revolution and took part in making the Houston Ship Channel good for navigation.
He started in the second game of the season against the Philadelphia Eagles, replacing an injured Ronald Leary at left guard.
The day afterwards the 19th Indian Division under Major General Thomas Rees crossed the river further north at Sittaung, heading eastwards.
His son, Junius Daniel, became a brigadier general in the Confederate States Army, dying as a result of a mortal wound at the Battle of Spotsylvania Court House in 1864.
He is one half of the comedy duo Downtown alongside Masatoshi Hamada.
Starting from where the previous installment left off, Shiva discovers that Somras is the true evil in " The Oath of the Vayuputras ".
Baía do Inferno is a bay on the southwest coast of the island of Santiago in Cape Verde inside the Atlantic Ocean.
First among these was the royal couple, King Louis XVI, Queen Marie Antoinette and the royal family.
NGC 91 (PGC 3325956, GC 41, GC 5097, or NPD 68 22.9) is a star with an apparent magnitude of 14.4 in the constellation of Andromeda.
In Luxembourg City, he would often go down to the Pétrusse or the Alzette valleys, or out into the suburbs to find interesting scenes to paint.
Its original Serbian language title is Буре барута (" Bure baruta ") which means " Powder Keg ".
Famous Black South Philadelphians include opera contralto Marian Anderson and musicians Kenny Gamble and Chubby Checker.
Colonel Walter Tremenheere (10 September 1761 – 7 August 1855) was a senior officer in the Royal Marines.
English language films featuring the HKPF include " Rush Hour ".
At IU she was a pupil of renowned soprano Virginia Zeani.
The album spawned four singles, including the UK number ones " Fill Me In " and " 7 Days ", and the successful " Walking Away " and " Rendezvous ".
In 1977, she came in contact with Dries Holten of the duo Sandra & Andres.
Of his gubernatorial campaigns, he was most notable as the gubernatorial nominee of the Alaskan Independence Party in 1978, 2002, 2006 and 2010.
During an illness in December 1835, his daughter Grace sent a ship to collect him and his wife Kaōanāeha.
 Titans Annual 2011  (July 2011) After healing Jericho, Deathstroke declares that the machine can also resurrect the dead, including Richards' son.
Stanbury was born on Mullet Island on the Hawkesbury River, New South Wales and was the successor of John McLean in the rowing championship of the world.
The Lossiemouth Sandstone Formation is a Late Triassic (Ladinian – Norian) age geological formation.
Major - General Ian Stanley Ord Playfair, & Bar (10 April 1894 – 21 March 1972) was a British Army officer.
The co - stars Sharon Duce, who played the girlfriend of Connolly ’s character, and Dominic Guard later married.
The film is simultaneously shot in Kannada as " Veera Kesari " with Rajkumar.
The bridge was built across the Mississippi River in 1951 as the Veterans' Memorial Bridge to relieve congestion on the MacArthur Bridge to the south.
In his earlier incarnation as a Light Heavyweight he defeated top contenders such as Nick Barone, Albert Yvel, Lloyd Marshall and Albert Finch.
Olga Sober (Šober) (born in Sarajevo) is an opera singer and leading soprano in the Croatian National Theatre in Rijeka.
She has represented Russia at the Paralympics in 2010 and in 2014 competing in the cross - country skiing and biathlon events.
There he was eliminated in the second round of the men's welterweight (– 67   kg) division by eventual silver medalist János Kajdi from Hungary.
NGC 285 is a lenticular galaxy in the constellation Cetus.
Madri cleverly summons the Ashvins, who give her twin sons Nakula and Sahadeva.
Greifs' book " We Wept Without Tears " inspired Hungarian director László Nemes to create the film Son of Saul dedicated to the Sonderkommando.
Major General Sir Thomas William Glasgow (6 June 1876 – 4 July 1955) was a senior Australian Army officer and politician.
It was named in April 2007 after Bergelmir, a giant from Norse mythology and the grandson of Ymir, the primordial giant.
The school and parish are in the Southeastern Morris Deanery of the Diocese of Paterson of the Province of Newark of the Latin Rite of the Catholic Church.
Since 1991 he has been providing advisory and organizational services to the bel canto Opera festival " Rossini in Wildbad ".
The medals for the competition were presented by Albert II, Prince of Monaco, IOC member, and the gifts were presented by Mustapha Larfaoui, FINA honorary life president.
Chwilog Primary School was opened in 1908 by Margaret Lloyd George, wife of David Lloyd George.
Florence Kirk (1909 – 6 June 1999) was an American soprano.
Marquis Spruill (born May 14, 1991) is an American football linebacker who is currently a free agent.
He was the fourth child of Brigadier - General Stuart Rolt, and educated at Eton, where he got into trouble for keeping a car.
Susan Oliver was born the daughter of George Gercke, journalist, and Ruth Hale Oliver, an astrology practitioner, in New York City in 1932.
Sima Fang had eight sons: Sima Lang, Sima Yi, Sima Fu, Sima Kui, Sima Xun, Sima Jin, Sima Tong and Sima Min.
Roberto Tancredi (born 30 January 1944 in Montecatini Val di Cecina) is a retired Italian professional football player who played as a goalkeeper.
It is the home of Leitrim GAA's football and hurling teams.
In " Star Man " the alien appears in human form, explaining it was so " you not be a little bit jumpy . "
In 1452 he was in Rome at the wedding of Frederick III with Eleanor of Portugal.
Elizabeth Amsden (March 27, 1881, Boston – July 20, 1966, New York City) was an American operatic soprano and actress.
Parliament quickly selected the 61-year - old career soldier Henri Guisan to be General.
Lady Yuhwa, Jumong's mother, died.
His elder son was Sir Joseph Beecham, 1st Baronet, and his grandson was the noted conductor Sir Thomas Beecham.
After the early death of Emperor Henry III, his widow Agnes of Poitou acted as Regent for his young son Henry IV.
Alai Payum Nenjangal is a 1983 Tamil Indian feature film directed by H.Ramesh for D & PG Producations.
It lies on the southern half of the Ards Peninsula in the east of the county, with the Irish Sea to its east and Strangford Lough to its west.
 Bird Set Free  is a song recorded by Sia for her seventh studio album " This Is Acting " (2016).
NGC 407 is a lenticular galaxy located in the constellation Pisces.
The 2000 Mar del Plata Sevens was a Rugby Sevens tournament held in Argentina as the fourth stop of the 1999–2000 World Sevens Series season.
Rafael Concepción of Panama replaced Cazares as Donaire's opponent for the Interim WBA super flyweight titleChrist S. " Rafael Concepcion subbed in as Aug. 15 opponent for Nonito Donaire . "
The series is executive produced by Jeff Schaffer, Jackie Schaffer and the production company, FX Productions.
The most authoritative work is " Reminiscences of Rosa Bonheur ", edited by Theodore Stanton (the son of Elizabeth Cady Stanton), and published simultaneously in London and New York in 1910.
The regional unit covers the islands of Kimolos, Milos, Serifos, Sifnos and several smaller islands in the Aegean Sea.
In February 2010, facing competition from rival OSs including iOS and Android, Microsoft announced Windows Phone to supersede Windows Mobile.
Although only a minor role, the few phrases he sang caught the attention of the production's leading lady, the eminent soprano and fellow Catalan, Montserrat Caballé.
In his next fight he lost his Lineal and WBA Bantamweight titles to Jorge Luján by knockout in the tenth round.
The cast of over forty starred the British tenor Mark Padmore.
After her death, Princess Gyeonghwa had a sororate marriage with King Chungsuk.
Simon won three consecutive bouts, including a victory against undefeated former Olympian Shawn O'Sullivan to line up a shot at the vacant IBF welterweight title against Tyrone Trice.
He founded the town to commemorate his meeting with General Robert Abercromby, his ally against Tipu Sultan, the ruler of the Kingdom of Mysore, in 1791.
Dyer showed promise as a baritone singer and was trained by Clara Novello Davies, mother of Ivor Novello.
At a young age he made a good impression on King Edward I " Longshanks ", and was assigned to the household of the King's son, Edward of Caernarfon.
St Benet's Hall (known colloquially as Benet's) is a Permanent Private Hall (PPH) of the University of Oxford.
Arkoudi (Greek: Αρκούδι, meaning bear) is a small Greek island in the Ionian Sea.
Corridor #5 protects the vehicular view from the Lamar Boulevard Bridge over Lady Bird Lake, southwest of the capitol.
The Diosphos Painter was a pupil of the Edinburgh Painter, who also trained the Sappho Painter.
 Brian the Closer  is the fourth episode of the thirteenth season of the animated sitcom " Family Guy ", and the 235th episode overall.
After his death, Haakon Jarl's two sons Eirik Håkonson and Sveinn Hákonarson, fled for protection to the king of Sweden, Olof Skötkonung.
His elder sister Anna and her husband, William III, Landgrave of Thuringia laid claim to his inheritance but received no support from the Estates.
Niles has written two World War II alternate history novels, " Fox on the Rhine " and " Fox at the Front " (co - authored with Michael Dobson).
She played the piano in a local ballroom orchestra for a while, and later left for Paris for complementary voice lessons with French soprano Janine Micheau.
He is the uncle of Jean - Pierre Vidal, Olympic champion in slalom at the 2002 Winter Olympics, and fellow alpine skier Vanessa Vidal.
Sarah " Sally " Franklin, the only daughter of Benjamin Franklin and Deborah Read, met Richard Bache while on a visit away from her parents.
64 car shared by Steve Wallace and his father Rusty Wallace.
In September, 1978, Kim became the WBC light flyweight champion with a KO win over Netrnoi Sor Vorasingh.
 Boruto  follows the exploits of Naruto Uzumaki's son Boruto and his comrades from Konohagakure's ninja academy while finding a path to follow once they grow up.
Thomas Bushnell, BSG, formerly known as Michael Bushnell (born 1967), is a software developer and Gregorian friar.
Kenneth produced the band's first LP titled " The Big Saturday Illusion " along with engineer Adam Wiltzie (of Stars Of The Lid).
In 2013, Dunbar joined the CBS crime drama " The Mentalist " as FBI agent Dennis Abbott.
Major - General Frederick Taylor Hobson (29 March 1840 – 1909) was a British Army officer who served as colonel of the Buffs (Royal East Kent Regiment).
They were also connected to York by marriage, as he had married Salisbury's sister Cecily; their children included the future kings Edward IV and Richard III.
Six months later, Darchinyan was back in what most experts called a career - best performance, taking on IBF super flyweight champion Dimitri Kirilov at the Emerald Queen Casino in Tacoma Washington.
The train crossed the Mississippi River on the Pile – Pontoon Railroad Bridge.
The milking process is the collection of tasks specifically devoted to extracting milk from an animal (rather than the broader field of dairy animal husbandry).
US 99W then crossed the Willamette River on the Broadway Bridge towards Interstate Avenue, where it headed north to the Interstate Bridge and the city of Vancouver, Washington.
It flows south west from the Galloway Forest Park to enter the Firth of Clyde at Ballantrae, about south south east of Ailsa Craig.
NGC 69 is a Lenticular galaxy in the constellation Andromeda.
Jason Demers (born June 9, 1988) is a Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman currently playing for the Arizona Coyotes of the National Hockey League (NHL).
Other key figures in the resistance were Titus Labienus, Publius Attius Varus, Lucius Afranius, Marcus Petreius and the brothers Sextus and Gnaeus Pompeius (Pompey's sons).
He became the beat writer for the Los Angeles Lakers in 1998–99, covering the basketball team through the Shaquille O'Neal – Kobe Bryant era.
It starred baritone Jeffrey Black as Danilo, soprano Helen Donaldson as the Widow, Gallaher as Camille and Susan Dunn as Valencienne, with narration by Jon English, who played Zeta.
Bernard Hopkins vs. Chad Dawson was a boxing match contested for both the WBC and " The Ring " light heavyweight championships.
He was subsequently re - elected at the 1905 and 1908 elections, running on each occasion as a Ministerialist (a supporter of the governments of Hector Rason and Newton Moore).
Eventually this technology base developed into a clandestine nuclear weapons program, leading to the 2006 and 2009 nuclear tests.
David Kutyauripo (born 7 March 1979) is a Zimbabwean former international footballer who last played as a defender for Dynamos.
Ruslan Polovinko (; 21 October 1969 – 6 August 1992) was a Ukrainian – Azerbaijani helicopter pilot and lieutenant, who participated in the Nagorno - Karabakh War within Azerbaijani military.
Her Hindi film debut came with " Peddlers " in 2012, produced by Anurag Kashyap.
The Paris Peace Accords were in 1991, and sought to settle once and for all the political violence that had plagued Cambodia since the 1960s.
Iota Aurigae (ι Aurigae, abbreviated Iot Aur, ι Aur), also named Hassaleh, is a star in the northern constellation of Auriga.
The sea - god Njörðr and the jotun Ægir (whose domain is also the sea) each have nine daughters.
Her entry to the Tamil films was through the 1940 classic hit film " Uthama Puthiran ".
During this time he was inspired by a visit to the famous Sensation (art exhibition) at the Royal Academy of Art, signalling the arrival of the Young British Artists.
In the presidential elections 1981 and 1988, he supported François Mitterrand, candidate of French Socialist Party.
Act I is the first live album released by the Finnish soprano Tarja Turunen.
This would follow suit with the names of two of his last three solo albums, " Relapse " and " Recovery ".
Eurocrypt (or EUROCRYPT) is a conference for cryptography research.
In 592, Guntram died and Childebert, as per the treaty, succeeded to his kingdom, immediately making war on Clotaire II of Neustria, Chilperic's son by Fredegund.
He was the son of Claude Louis Hector de Villars and of Jeanne Angélique Rocque de Varengeville, and the grandson of Pierre de Villars.
There was a serious oil spill involving the oil tanker " Prestige " along the Muxía part of the coast in November, 2002, leaking about 70,000 gallons of oil into the Atlantic.
In 1013, the marriage between Bolesław's son Mieszko and Richeza of Lotharingia, the niece of Emperor Otto III and future mother of Casimir I the Restorer, took place.
 Fantastic Four  #45–48 She fell in love with the Human Torch, although their romance was blocked by a literal barrier, around the Inhumans' city.
The legal and cultural antecedents of American lynching were carried across the Atlantic by migrants from the British Isles to colonial North America.
In ancient Greece, Polymnestus was, with Phronime, the father of Battus I of Cyrene.
Gotthard Fischer (10 January 1891 – 27 July 1969) was a German general (Generalleutnant) in the " Wehrmacht " during World War II who commanded several divisions.
Their second and third sons respectively, Sir Archibald Cochrane and Air Chief Marshal Sir Ralph Cochrane, both gained distinction.
Born in Neustrelitz, Swoboda was the son of tenor and opera director Joseph Wilhelm Swoboda and dramatic soprano Angelika Peréchon - Swoboda.
Pescador Island is an island located in the Tañon Strait, a few kilometres from the western coast of the island of Cebu in the Philippines.
He also went on a road trip from San Antonio to Oakland for the Magnum project “ Postcards from America ” with Jim Goldberg, Alec Soth, Mikhael Subotzky and Susan Meiselas.
She finished 8th in the K1 event at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London.
Lin Liheng (; born 1944) is the daughter of Lin Biao and Ye Qun, nicknamed " Dou Dou " (" lit ".
For example, all known greedy coloring algorithms for the graph coloring problem and all other NP - complete problems do not consistently find optimum solutions.
McWilliams Arroyo Acevedo represented Puerto Rico as a boxer in the flyweight class (51   kilograms in weight or below).
In 2004, Muller represented the at the premier high school rugby union competition in South Africa, the Under-18 Craven Week held in Nelspruit.
Rao gained national recognition for directing Hindi films such as, Swarg Narak, Jyoti Bane Jwala, Zakhmi Sher, Sarfarosh, Wafadaar, Prem Tapasya, Pyaasa Sawan, Aaj Ka M.L.A.
Editing .properties files is done using any text editor such as those typically installed on various Operating Systems including Notepad on Windows or Emacs, Vim, etc.
Dantes Diwiak (born in Slovenia) is a classical tenor, who grew up and has worked mostly in Germany.
Some of Gray's claims of wartime heroism were dismissed in Poland as untrue by the " Silent Unseen " Captain Wacław Kopisto . Nowiny Rzeszowskie, " Nowiny: gazeta codzienna.
In July 1777, he crossed Lake Champlain under General John Burgoyne, and was appointed commissary of horse by Major - General William Phillips.
Daughter of Sancho IV and of María de Molina, Infanta Beatrice was born in Toro.
Immediately after the Cox fight, there was plans set up for a fight between Lebedev and former world champion Jean - Marc Mormeck (36 - 5, 22 KOs) at cruiserweight.
Linguistic and Philosophical Investigations is a peer - reviewed philosophy journal that publishes articles that treat the foundations of language; the journal deals with linguistic and philosophical issues.
Another part of the Red Sox' reinvention occurred in an early June game against the Tampa Bay Rays where pitcher James Shields hit Coco Crisp, resulting in Crisp going straight to Shields.
He was replaced by General Ashfaq Parvez Kayani, who became the country's new army chief once General Pervez Musharraf retired from the army.
Packer married two Welshmen, first the tenor Tudor Davies (1892–1958), and, secondly, Maj . Ynyr Probert.
Finally, the last and perhaps least significant cult center is depicted, being that of Sobek ’s divine mother, Neith.
(2013), called " The Mismeasure of Desire " a " dated but still excellent " book on sexual orientation research.
This earned him another chance at a heavyweight title and he signed to fight reigning WBA champion Tony Tubbs on January 17, 1986 in Atlanta.
Puckett was a charter member of the influential string band Gid Tanner and His Skillet Lickers and continued to record with the group through their last session in 1934.
The Bladensburg Park Pedestrian Bridge is a bicycle and pedestrian bridge over the Anacostia River in the U.S. state of Maryland.
Anne Frank's mother, Edith Frank - Holländer, was starved to death by the Nazis in Auschwitz.
HC Meshkov Brest (officially: Brest handball club by the name A. P. Meshkov) is a handball club from Brest, Belarus.
In 1997, she appeared in her only Kannada film till date, " Simhada Mari ", opposite Shivarajkumar.
Horthy was arrested by Waffen SS Brigadeführer Edmund Veesenmayer and held overnight in SS offices.
One of those mortally wounded in this action was Lieutenant, the Honourable, Frederick Roberts, the only son of Field Marshal Lord Roberts, who was posthumously awarded the Victoria Cross.
His younger brother, Timothy, was a Lieutenant Colonel in the United States Army during the War of 1812.
Shinsky played club soccer for SuperNova FC and coach Niki Nikolic.
Saw O was the eldest son of Hnin U Yaing and Min Bala.
She was the daughter of King Henry II of France and Catherine de' Medici and the sister of kings Francis II, Charles IX and Henry III.
Qian Weijun was born in 955, as the oldest biological son of Wuyue's king Qian Hongchu (later renamed Qian Chu).
The freeway then continues through the city of Shasta Lake, intersecting SR 151, before crossing over Shasta Lake on a causeway and climbing up to near the foot of Mount Shasta.
In his 1997 fight with Ike Ibeabuchi, the two fighters combined to set the record for most punches thrown in a heavyweight fight on record.
Master Tsunetane Oda demonstrated the technique on videoTsunetane Oda - judo ne - waza 3 of 3 and is also credited with the creation of the move in some sources.
Scotty McGee (born December 4, 1986) is an American football cornerback who is currently a free agent.
The Local Interstellar Cloud (LIC), also known as the Local Fluff, is the interstellar cloud roughly across through which the Solar System is currently moving.
During the first season of " Glee ", the show paid tribute to Madonna with the episode " The Power of Madonna ".
The World Figure Skating Championships is an annual figure skating competition sanctioned by the International Skating Union in which figure skaters compete for the title of World Champion.
Lieutenant - General Sir Frederick Walter Kitchener, KCB (26 May 1858 – 6 March 1912), known as Walter Kitchener, was a British soldier and colonial administrator.
He also took with him Empress Licinia Eudoxia, Valentinian's widow, and her daughters, Eudocia and Placidia.
The " Menexenus " consists mainly of a lengthy funeral oration, referencing the one given by Pericles in Thucydides' account of the Peloponnesian War.
The Nightwish website clearly states that the song was written by Tuomas Holopainen and features him on keyboards, Marco Hietala on vocals and Jukka Nevalainen on drums.
Edwin Bowman Lyon was an American Major general.
The Silver Memorial Bridge is a cantilever bridge which spans the Ohio River between Gallipolis, Ohio and Henderson, West Virginia.
The full barrier level crossing is signalman worked and because of the adjacent single track Ovingham Bridge over the River Tyne and the frequent train services, there are often long road queues.
In 2008 Doc Neeson reunited with other The Angels members: Rick and John Brewster, Bidstrup and Bailey — who have since done extensive national touring.
Major General David Wooster and Brigadier General Benedict Arnold were in New Haven when messengers reached them on April 26.
The M74 Group (also known as the " NGC 628 Group ") is a small group of galaxies in the constellation Pisces.
Air Marshal Sir Francis John Linnell, (16 March 1892 – 3 November 1944) was a senior Royal Air Force commander during the Second World War.
The Phoenix petrel is found throughout oceans and coastal areas in the central Pacific Ocean.
After the election and inauguration of Horacio Cartes, Paraguay has so far claimed " Paraguay would not abandon Mercosur ", but assured it will seek to join the alliance.
In 2003, her only releases were Tamil language film " Pudhiya Geethai " and the Hindi film Deepak Bahry's " Parwana ".
The song was written by band members Vince Clarke and Andy Bell and incorporates the signature Erasure sound of uptempo rhythm, analog synthesizer and a prominent acoustic guitar.
She competed at the 1988 Winter Olympics and the 1992 Winter Olympics.
Gamma Aquilae (γ Aquilae, abbreviated Gamma Aql, γ Aql), also named Tarazed, is a star in the constellation of Aquila.
During her early years, one potential husband for Catherine was John, Prince of Asturias, eldest son of Ferdinand II of Aragon and Isabella I of Castile.
In London, she had the opportunity through Jane Wilde to meet Oscar Wilde, her son.
Günter Reich (22 November 1921 – 15 January 1989), also spelled Günther Reich and Gunther Reich, was an Israeli baritone of German birth.
NGC 75 is a lenticular galaxy estimated to be about 260 million light - years away in the constellation of Pisces.
General Sir Charles Warren, (7 February 1840 – 21 January 1927) was an officer in the British Royal Engineers.
On air personality Prince Markie Dee, from the group The Fat Boys, hosted the afternoon drive show.
Anton Mitterwurzer (1818–76) was a German opera singer, a noted baritone interpreter of the works of Gluck, Marschner, and Wagner.
After playing a tough sergeant in " Bataan " in 1943, Taylor contributed to the war effort by becoming a flying instructor in the U.S.
Locals referred to its locomotives as " toros de fuegos " (English: bulls of fire).Broggie, Michael.
NGC 414 is a pair of lenticular galaxies (PGC 4254 and PGC 93079) of types S0 and E / S0, respectively, located in the constellation Pisces.
The films " The Long Riders " (1980) and " The Assassination of Jesse James by the Coward Robert Ford " (2007) are revisionist films dealing with the James gang.
The Brothers Garcia makes television history as the first English language sitcom with an all Latino cast, directors, and producers.
Max Valles (born August 5, 1994) is an American football defensive end who is currently a free agent.
Republican Rudy Giuliani was elected in 1993 and re - elected in 1997.
Esham Pickering (born 7 August 1976) is a British professional boxer who competes in the super bantamweight and featherweight divisions.
The contralto, Kathleen Ferrier (1912–1953) was born in the village.
Rewarded by a promotion to brigadier general of volunteers in July 1862, Willich fought at the Battle of Perryville under Maj . Gen. Don Carlos Buell in Kentucky.
It is part of the M94 Group (the Canes Venatici I Group), a galaxy group relatively close to the Local Group containing the Milky Way.
Lido is located on the northern tip of the Great War Island, on the Danube.
Maxim Khudyakov (born August 18, 1986) is a Kazakhstani professional ice hockey forward who currently plays for Saryarka Karagandy of the Higher Hockey League.
 Farm Strong  is the fourth episode of the fifth season of the American sitcom " Modern Family ", and the series' 100th overall.
In July 1997, Walter Van Beirendonck, the famous Belgian fashion designer of the Antwerp Six, asked Ekkart to collaborate with his fashion show for his 1998 summer collection in Paris.
He was the son of Count Engelbert III of Gorizia and his wife Matilda, a sister of the Andechs duke Berthold IV of Merania.
One account notes, Alston and his son, Peter also, practiced their counterfeiting operation, at Stack Island, in the lower Mississippi River, about 170 miles upriver from Natchez.
Grete Stückgold (1895–1977) was a soprano opera singer.
Phan Duy Lam (born 26 November 1988) is a Vietnamese footballer who plays as a defender for V - League (Vietnam) club SHB Đà Nẵng.
Major - General Sir Charles Hamilton Boucher, (26 October 1898 – 14 November 1951) was a British Indian Army officer during the First and Second World Wars.
Claron McFadden (born 1961) is an American soprano.
More notable is the fact that she is the daughter of Saints Louis Martin and Marie - Azélie Guérin Martin and an elder sister of Saint Thérèse of Lisieux.
In May 1987 at The Arena, Wembley, London, Kalambay won the European middleweight title by outpointing Herol Graham, who was 38 - 0 and ranked #1 in the world.
William Shimell (born Brentwood, Essex, 23 September 1952) is an English baritone who has had an active international career performing in operaForbes, Elizabeth.
Francis Dadzie is a Ghanaian professional footballer who currently plays as a forward for Sporting Clube de Goa in the.
NGC 358 is a very small open cluster of four stars in the constellation of Cassiopeia.
On March 4, Keith Thurman defeated Danny Garcia to become the new WBA and WBC unified welterweight champion.
When the princess grew up, Princess Xenia of Tver, second wife of Grand Prince Yaroslav of Tver sent ambassadors to Rostov with a request to marry Anna to her son Mikhail.
Edith Luckett, a stage actress and the mother of future U.S. First Lady Nancy Reagan, was a friend of Nazimova, having acted with her onstage.
The film was a remake of Hindi film " Insaf Ka Tarazu " which inturn was a remake of 1976 Hollywood film " Lipstick ".
He succeeded Lycurgus, and married Timandra, daughter of Leda and Tyndareus of Sparta . Hesiod, " Catalogue of Women " fr.
Route 28 crosses the Cape Cod Canal via the Bourne Bridge, from which it then overlaps with U.S. Route 6 as a two - lane highway until Wareham.
Elisabeth of Bavaria was daughter of Otto II Wittelsbach, Duke of Bavaria and his wife Agnes of the Palatinate.
They were also connected to York by marriage, as he had married Salisbury's sister Cecily; their children included the future kings Edward IV and Richard III.
Messier 83 (also known as the Southern Pinwheel Galaxy, M83 or NGC 5236) is a barred spiral galaxy approximately 15 million light - years away in the constellation Hydra.
After the death of King Louis XV in 1774, the chateau was transferred to his daughters, Madame Marie Adélaïde, Madame Victoire and Madame Sophie.
Omicron2 Centauri (ο2 Cen, ο2 Centauri) is a star in the constellation Centaurus.
Her granddaughter, Katrina Young, participated at the 2016 Summer Olympics in the diving competition representing the United States.
During this time, she read the influential feminist works " The Second Sex " by Simone de Beauvoir and " The Feminine Mystique " by Betty Friedan, and resolved to complete her degree.
- The Times of India 
Börte had three more sons, Chagatai (1187–1241), Ögedei (1189–1241), and Tolui (1190–1232).
While the personal name is most often derived from the Biblical story, Talitha is also the name of two stars, Talitha Borealis and Talitha Australis, in the Ursa Major constellation.
The 1993 FIBA European Championship, commonly called FIBA EuroBasket 1993, was the 28th FIBA EuroBasket regional basketball championship, held by FIBA Europe.
Bradley Skeete (born 17 October 1987) is a British boxer who became British welterweight champion in March 2016.
He is now considered as one of the greatest draft steals in recent AFL history . Lions take on rookie Adam Spackman He served as the captain of the Brisbane Lions from 2015 to 2016.
At the outbreak of World War I in August 1914, the 4th Brigade was a regular army formation stationed in London District and assigned to the 2nd Division.
Lyrically, the song addresses the end of a marriage between Beyoncé's parents Tina Knowles and Mathew Knowles.
Along the Pacific, their range includes all of Baja California, including Islas Marías, and Socorro Island in the Revillagigedo Islands.
Under the direction of Denis McCullough, Hobson became one of the key figures in the ongoing revitalisation of the IRB in Ulster, along with Sean MacDermott, Patrick McCartan and Ernest Blythe.
Sitthikorn Klamsai (, born July 24, 1996), is a Thai professional footballer who plays as a Goalkeeper for Thai League T1 club Ubon UMT United.
Elisabeth was a daughter of the Elector August of Saxony (1526–1586) from his marriage to Anna (1532–1585), daughter King of the Christian III of Denmark.
He therefore chose another approach while waiting in the lobby of Brooks's office for the pitch meeting, hurriedly formulating his version of a dysfunctional family that became the Simpsons.
Del Flanagan (November 6, 1928 – December 26, 2003) was a middleweight professional boxer from Minnesota, USA.
Jablaničko Lake () is a large artificially formed lake on the Neretva river, right below Konjic where the Neretva briefly expanding into a wide valley.
The blast splattered check post of General Tariq Majid's official residence.
Pujada Bay, sometimes (usually historically) called Pujaga Bay, is a bay on the Pacific coast of the southern Philippine island of Mindanao.
USNS " Lewis B. Puller " (T - ESB-3) is the second ship named after Lieutenant General Lewis Burwell " Chesty " Puller, USMC.
NGC 482 is a spiral galaxy in the constellation Phoenix.
According to the early rabbinical commentary Pirke De - Rabbi Eliezer, Zilpah and Bilhah, the handmaids of Leah and Rachel, respectively, were actually younger daughters of Laban.
Lieutenant - General Angus Watt, CMM, CD is a retired Canadian air force general who was Chief of the Air Staff from 2007 to 2009.
In the quarter finals Chase was beaten on points by Leonard Steyaert of Belgium who was himself beaten in the semi - final by the eventual middleweight champion, Piero Toscani of Italy.
U.S. Highway 61 enters the state of Minnesota at the city of La Crescent on the River Bridge over the Mississippi River between the cities of La Crosse and La Crescent.
Carlos Gurpegui Nausia (alternate spelling Gurpegi; born 19 August 1980) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a central defender or a defensive midfielder.
Adida Melam is an Indian Tamil Romantic comedy film directed by Anbu Stalin featuring newcomer Abhay Krishna and Abhinaya in the lead roles.
Al - Buraq was also said to transport Abraham (Ibrâhîm) when he visited his wife Hagar (Hājar) and son Ishmael (Ismâ'îl).
The Almopes traced their descent to the eponymous mythological figure of Almops, son of Poseidon and Helle.
Anti - war activists Jane Fonda and Tom Hayden named their son, an actor now known as Troy Garity, in honor of Trỗi.
After retiring from basketball as a player in 2005, Novaković became head coach for Šentjur, coaching them for the 2005–06 and 2006–07 season.
In 2014, he directed the multilingual film " Oggarane " (in Kannada), " Ulavacharu Biryani " (in Telugu) and " Un Samayal Arayil " (in Tamil).
Axel Köhler (born 1959 in Schwarzenberg, Saxony) is a German countertenor and opera director.
Admiral Ivan Isakov became the second Admiral of the fleet of the Soviet Union.
NGC 343 are a pair of interacting galaxies in the constellation Cetus.
Dana Lee Schoenfield (born August 13, 1953) is an American former competition swimmer who won a silver medal in the 200-meter breaststroke at the 1972 Olympics.
In her 1990 work " Anticlimax: A Feminist Perspective on the Sexual Revolution ", Jeffreys offered a critique of the sexual revolution of the 1960s.
Meanwhile, Lyra takes her position in the Frightful Four (now consisting of her, Klaw, Wizard, and Trapster) to attack the Baxter Building following Thundra's betrayal.
 Put a Little Umph in It  is the first single from Jagged Edge's studio album " Baby Makin' Project ".
Thus, when the future emperor Alexander II of Russia, as tsarevich, chose the sixteen - year - old Marie as consort, his parents consented to the match.
He founded the town to commemorate his meeting with General Robert Abercromby, his ally against Tipu Sultan, the ruler of the Kingdom of Mysore, in 1791.
There he became friends with Evan James Williams, a future professor of physics at Aberystwyth University and member of the Royal Society.
Claudia Pechstein (born 22 February 1972) is a German speed skater.
Flying Officer Nirmal Jit Singh Sekhon, PVC (17 July 1943 – 14 December 1971) was an officer of the Indian Air Force.
Selçuk Eker (; born on December 18, 1991 in Gebze, Kocaeli Province, Turkey) is a Turkish amateur boxer competing in the flyweight division.
Wesley de Ruiter (born 13 January 1986) is a Dutch professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper.
NGC 121 is a globular cluster in the Small Magellanic Cloud, in the constellation of Tucana.
 179 - 07 Murdock Avenue, Home of Ella Fitzgerald and Ray Brown , Historic Districts Council (2014).
After Dead Line he made Bone Breaker (2005) also in English language.
Thomson was President of the Royal Society of New Zealand between 1907 and 1909; preceded by James Hector and followed by Augustus Hamilton.
 Basic Human Anatomy  is the eleventh episode of the fourth season of the NBC sitcom " Community ", which originally aired on April 25, 2013.
The son of Robert Langton Douglas, he was a half - brother to Marshal of the Royal Air Force William Sholto Douglas, 1st Baron Douglas of Kirtleside.
Porto are the second most successful team in Portuguese basketball history, having won twelve championships, thirteen Portuguese Cups, five Portuguese Supercups, seven Portuguese League Cups, and one António Pratas Trophy.
Rahul Madhav made his debut in the industry with the Tamil movie Adhe Neram Adhe Idam, directed by M.Prabhu who was the associate director of S.J.
NGC 7 is a spiral galaxy located in the Sculptor constellation.
A few months later, Queen Joan of Évreux gave birth to a daughter, Blanche.
On March 8, 1852 he married Kapiʻolani, daughter of Kūhiō Kalanianaʻole and Kinoiki Kekaulike.
As in 1138 Salomea gave birth the future Casimir II the Just, Agnes was born a year earlier . Oswald Balzer, " Genealogia Piastów ", Kraków 1895, p. 183.
The grandstand's poor condition was even mentioned comically in Jim Bouton's landmark baseball memoir " Ball Four".Jim Bouton, " Ball Four " (World Pub.
In 338 BC, Ying Si (King Huiwen) succeeds his father, Ying Quliang (Duke Xiao), as the ruler of the Qin state.
He was in a serious relationship with actress Carole Bouquet, with whom he has one son, film producer Dimitri Rassam.
Kris Durham (born March 17, 1988) is an American football wide receiver who is currently playing for Panthers Parma in the Italian Football League (IFL).
Artist Norman Rockwell's famous painting " The Problem We All Live With " depicted a tiny Ruby Bridges being escorted by four towering United States Marshals in 1964.
Bhutto used Pakistan Air Force's Brigadier - General Władysław Turowicz to establish the military and economical link between Pakistan and Poland.
NGC 364 is a barred lenticular galaxy in the constellation Cetus.
In 1935, Pamela Kellino met actor James Mason on the set of his second film, " Troubled Waters ", on which her husband Roy Kellino was working as a cinematographer.
It is located north of the Okavango River and close to Okavango Delta.
There are several NHL players who use STX gear, including Jiří Hudler, Matt Moulson, Vincent Trocheck, and Brandon Pirri . Team STX: Ice Hockey, Team STX.
In September, 2006, after pulling out of a fight with Giuseppe Lauri for the vacant European light welterweight title, Cook announced his retirement from boxing.
In 2006, he was posted as director at the Directore - General of Military Operations (DGMO) and served under Lieutenant - General (retired) Ahmad Shuja Pasha (later DG ISI.
Ó hAilpín played club hurling and Gaelic football with the Na Piarsaigh club on the north side of Cork city.
Elena Gaja (born October 26, 1946 in Braşov, Romania) is a Romanian mezzo - soprano opera singer.
Brigadier Arthur Kingscote Potter (7 April 1905 – 25 February 1998) was a British Indian Army officer, civil servant and diplomat.
Named by a British expedition 1828 - 31, under Foster, for Davies Gilbert, President of the Royal Society, 1827–30, and of the committee which formulated the objectives of the expedition.
General Pico has two basketball teams in the Argentinian League: Pico Football Club and Independiente de Pico.
Tony Ramoin (born 23 December 1988 in Cannes) is a French snowboarder and Olympic athleteVancouver 2010 Profile who won a bronze medal in snowboard cross at the 2010 Winter Olympics.
Blackinton and Suarez were approached to join Gabe Saporta's newly formed band Cobra Starship after he found fast success with the hit song, " Snakes on a Plane (Bring It) ".
Grzegorz Kielsa (born 26 May 1979, Białystok, Poland) is a Canada - based Polish professional boxer who fights in the heavyweight division.
The Danube connects with the Rhine – Main – Danube Canal at Kelheim, with the Donaukanal in Vienna, and with the Danube – Black Sea Canal at Cernavodă.
The street continues westward, crossing over the Schuylkill River via the Market Street Bridge, into and through University City and West Philadelphia.
Clapton had started using heroin quite heavily in an attempt to get over his continuing obsession with George Harrison's wife Pattie Boyd; Alice also became hooked on the drug.
Glaphyra bore Alexander three children, two sons: Tigranes, Alexander and an unnamed daughter.
Ernst Kozub (January 24, 1924 – December 27, 1971) was a German tenor and opera singer.
ω1 Scorpii, Latinised as Omega1 Scorpii, is a star in the zodiac constellation of Scorpius.
Aida Navarro (born October 17, 1937), is a Venezuelan mezzo - soprano, born in Caracas.
During Brown's time at BYU, he was mentored by former record - setting running back Luke Staley . Brown gets mentoring from Staley, " Deseret News ", November 13, 2005.
With his second wife, Violant of Bar, John had only one daughter who lived to adulthood, Yolande.
Afterwards, he was invited to Belgrade to negotiate the terms of proposed Chetnik collaboration with the Germans with Milan Nedić and " General der Artillerie " (lieutenant general) Paul Bader.
Frederick Sheffield (February 26, 1902 – May 8, 1971) was an American rower, born in New York City, who competed in the 1924 Summer Olympics.
In other versions of Ladon's story, the number of heads he had is not at all mentioned and he is described as the offspring of Ceto and Phorcys, two sea deities.
The song, along with " Save the Population " (another song from their " Greatest Hits "), was recorded at The Mansion and produced by Rick Rubin.
Bobošíková presented her candidacy in 2008 and 2013, for the President of the Czech Republic.
Steve Ambri (born 12 August 1997) is a French professional footballer who plays as a forward for the French club Valenciennes FC in the Ligue 2.
It is remake of Hindi film " Tezaab ".
After the comeback knockout victory over John Jackson, Andy Lee secured himself a 13 December WBO World Middleweight Title shot against the then undefeated former 2008 Russian Olympian, Matt Korobov.
To further hone her singing, Flores had voice lessons under New York - based soprano Evelyn Mandac during the latter's trips to Manila.
Lin Liheng (; born 1944) is the daughter of Lin Biao and Ye Qun, nicknamed " Dou Dou " (" lit ".
It lies along the Sixes River, about upstream of its mouth on the Pacific Ocean near Cape Blanco.
Mrs. Vane, " was the maid of honour to Caroline of Ansbach and mistress to her son Frederick, Prince of Wales.
Parker's dynamic hand speed and power destroyed veteran Kali Meehan inside three rounds of their heavyweight clash.
Inspired by Wintersun's musical direction, Kai Hahto left Rotten Sound and joined Wintersun as permanent drummer, and Jukka Koskinen, of Norther, joined Wintersun as bassist.
The Dark Defender character also lent its name to a series of highly stylized " Dexter " webisodes, recapping Dexter's victims of the second season.
Calancea's older brother, Valeriu, is a winner of World and European weightlifting medals for Romania.
Marian Więckowski (born 8 September 1933) is a Polish former racing cyclist.
It is the story of Margaret Beaufort, mother of Henry VII of England.
He is the grandson of actress Shobhna and poet Kumarsen, great - grandson of actress Rattan Bai, nephew of actress Tanuja and cousin of actresses Kajol Devgan and Tanisha Mukherjee.
While Ortiz's last battle ended up being a draw against Lamont Peterson that could have delay that desire on the Amir Khan - Marcos Maidana junior welterweight title fight undercard.
The East Washington Avenue Bridge refers to the bridges that have connected East Washington Avenue over the Pequonnock River in Bridgeport, Connecticut.
Erik Boström (23 August 1869 – 13 June 1932) was a Swedish sport shooter who competed in the 1912 Summer Olympics.
Li Tianyi (; born April 1996) is the son of Chinese singers Li Shuangjiang and Meng Ge.
It separates Medny Island and Bering Island of the Commander Islands and connects the Bering Sea in the north with the Pacific Ocean in the south.
On September 11, 2007, Wright was arrested, and later convicted, for disrupting a Senate Armed Services Committee hearing at which general David Petraeus and Ambassador to Iraq Ryan Crocker were testifying.
Battisti's last albums were " Cosa succederà alla ragazza " (1992) and " Hegel " (1994).
Colombia (2000, 2011, 2015) are the current cup holders.
Follow - up single " Warwick Avenue " was another successful single, whilst " Stepping Stone " and " Rain on Your Parade " did not replicate the earlier success.
From 2001 to 2004, de Rossi dated director Francesca Gregorini, the daughter of Barbara Bach and the stepdaughter of Ringo Starr.
Epsilon Eridani is the fifth - brightest star (by apparent magnitude) in the riverine southern constellation of Eridanus.
He fought Manny Pacquiao for a vacant Light Middleweight title suffering a one - sided decision loss before a delighted crowd of 41,734 at Cowboys Stadium in Arlington, Texas.
Louise de La Vallière had six children by Louis XIV, including Marie Anne de Bourbon (1666–1739) and Louis de Bourbon (1667–1683).
For example, Škvorecký points out that Veit Harlan's first wife was Dora Gerson, a German - Jewish actress and cabaret singer.
Riley Dixon (born 24 August 1993) is an American football punter for the Denver Broncos of the National Football League (NFL).
All the Stations was a project organised by Geoff Marshall and Vicki Pipe, to visit all 2,563 UK railway stations in the summer of 2017.
Ruth Stewart (born 1916) is an American operatic soprano.
As he threw a relay to shortstop Johnny Pesky, Slaughter rounded third base, ignored third base coach Mike González's stop sign, and continued for home plate.
David Gantar (born June 27, 1975) is a Canadian soccer referee for PRO from Edmonton, Alberta.
She had a supporting role opposite María Félix in Ismael Rodríguez's Mexican Revolution epic " La cucaracha " (1959).
 Mantaray  included three singles: " Into a Swan ", " Here Comes That Day " and " About to Happen ".
It provides a more direct connection between US 190 and LA 105 at the west end of the Krotz Springs Bridge over the Atchafalaya River.
He made his Hindi film debut as a male lead in Aamir Khan productions' " Peepli Live " (2010).
The Città di Vercelli – Trofeo Multimed is a tennis tournament held in Vercelli, Italy since 2014.
NGC 155 is a lenticular galaxy in the Cetus constellation.
The station is served by Berlin S - Bahn line S3 between Erkner and Ostkreuz.
He employed four chauffeurs over the years, including the part - Jewish Emil Maurice, and founding member of the " Sturmabteilung " (SA), Julius Schreck.
NGC 21 (also known as NGC 29) is a spiral galaxy in the Andromeda constellation.
JD Samson joined Le Tigre after Benning's departure.
As the Major General Administration (MGA), Miles Graham, was usually with the Main 21st Army Group HQ, Feilden was normally the senior officer at the Rear 21st Army Group HQ.
In Greek mythology, Helenus (;, " Helenos ";) was the son of King Priam and Queen Hecuba of Troy, and the twin brother of the prophetess Cassandra.
He succeeded Serbian former basketball player Vlade Divac . Božidar Maljković novi predsednik Olimpijskog komiteta Srbije!
In 1949, during the period of Communist rule, Dobrich was renamed " Tolbukhin " (Толбухин) after Marshal of the Soviet Union Fyodor Tolbukhin.
It is preceded by " Night Watch ", " Day Watch ", " Twilight Watch ", " Last Watch " and " New Watch ".
Zhang Dazhi () (April 14, 1911 – January 15, 1992) was a People's Liberation Army lieutenant general.
Stanisław Komornicki (26 July 1924 – 10 April 2010) was a Brigadier General in the Polish Army and the Chancellor of the Order Virtuti Militari.
Kalvakuntla Kavitha was born at Siddipet on March 13, 1978 to Kalvakuntla Chandrashekhar Rao and Shobha.
The National Unity Bridge crosses the Daule River and Babahoyo River, which combine to form the Guayas River immediately downstream.
At Water Avenue north of the Alabama River, US BUS 80 approaches the Edmund Pettus Bridge the site of the infamous police attack on the Selma to Montgomery marches.
In 1402, Filippo Maria Visconti, Duke of Milan — son of Gian Galeazzo Visconti and Caterina Visconti — ruled over the state, following the death of his father.
The next year the original Zilwaukee Bridge, a bascule bridge across the Saginaw River was opened along with a section of freeway north to Kawkawlin.
He was succeeded in his position with the AAC by Major General Adrian Bradshaw on 1 July 2009, and relinquished the appointment of ADC Gen on 1 September 2009.
He served under the Syrian Greek Kings Antiochus III the Great, Seleucus IV Philopator, Antiochus IV Epiphanes and Antiochus V Eupator.
By the start of the 2012 season, Paulsen was once again named the third - string tight end behind Fred Davis and Niles Paul.
 Aires Bucaneros  and " Casi Alba " were re - released in 1993 as a double CD.
The Diamond Challenge Sculls is a rowing event for men's single sculls at the annual Henley Royal Regatta on the River Thames at Henley - on - Thames in England.
While Carole King is the lead singer of this song in the 1974 version, her daughters Louise Goffin and Sherry Goffin sang backup.
She was the eldest daughter of Prince Albert of Prussia and Princess Marianne of the Netherlands, and was a granddaughter of both Frederick William III of Prussia and William I of the Netherlands.
In 1070 Waltheof married Judith de Lens, daughter of Lambert II, Count of Lens and Adelaide of Normandy, Countess of Aumale.
Major - General Randal Rumley (1811 - 13 September 1884) was a British Army officer who became Commander - in - Chief, Scotland.
The Minnes Group, originally named the Minnes Formation, is a geologic unit of latest Jurassic to earliest Cretaceous age in the Western Canada Sedimentary Basin.
He was the son of Perseus and Andromeda and thus brother of Perses, Alcaeus, Sthenelus, Electryon, Mestor, Heleus, Gorgophone and Autochthe.
Air Commodore James Lloyd Findlay (6 October 1895 – 17 March 1983) was a New Zealand soldier and air force officer who served in both World Wars.
It soon became necessary to build a railroad that would connect Brazzaville, the terminus of the river navigation on the Congo River and the Ubangui River, with the Atlantic coast.
Sara Fulgoni is a British mezzo - soprano.
Kerwin was played by Christopher George's wife Lynda Day George, who would co - star on another Paramount TV series " " from 1971 to 1973.
It is the last album to feature female soprano Helena Iren Michaelsen, who left the band the year this album was made.
At the same time he turned over command of First United States Army to Lieutenant General Hunter Liggett.
NIPS was designed as a complementary open interdisciplinary meeting for researchers exploring biological and artificial Neural Networks.
Chirinkotan (; Japanese 知林古丹島; Chirinkotan - tō) is an uninhabited volcanic island located in the centre of the Kuril Islands chain in the Sea of Okhotsk in the northwest Pacific Ocean.
One of the officers who began his career in the squadron during this era was future Air Marshal Sir Charles Steele.
 The Mansion Family  is the twelfth episode of the eleventh season of the American animated sitcom " The Simpsons ".
Following this, the company made " U - Carmen eKhayelitsha ", a Xhosa - medium opera set in the Cape Town township of Khayelitsha.
Neil Tennant and Chris Lowe of the Pet Shop Boys commented on this remix to journalist Mark Beaumont, writing for the " NME ", in February 2017.
Aphrodite bore a daughter, Harmonia, from Ares' seed.
The MLS soccer team Minnesota United FC plays the 2018 season in the University of Minnesota's TCF Bank Stadium, and then will relocate to St. Paul in 2019 when Allianz Field opens there.
The museum is named after Nikolai Ogarkov, Marshal of the Soviet Union, who was born in Molokovo, and presents expositions about Ogarkov.
Alphonsus was one of the primary alternative landing sites considered for both the Apollo 16 and the Apollo 17 missions.
Joseph Kaiser is a Canadian operatic tenor.
The record also includes co - written songs from Tegan's side project with Hunter Burgan, bassist of AFI.
The former commander of 2nd Army, General der Infanterie Fritz von Below, took command of 1st Army and 2nd Army got a new commander General der Artillerie Max von Gallwitz.
Slavinia () is a historical region around the Oder River delta and the Szczecin Lagoon in Pomerania.
Lucraft was at the inaugural meeting of what became the First International, the International Workingmen's Association, described by Karl Marx in a famous letter to Friedrich Engels dated 4 November 1864.
The first mention of the Maitreya in a Theosophical context occurs in the 1883 work " Esoteric Buddhism " by Alfred Percy Sinnett (1840–1921), an early Theosophical writer.
Laurent Robinson (born May 20, 1985) is a former American football wide receiver.
and Major General Rupert Downes (who died in the same plane crash as Vasey).
Marija Petrović (born 18 March 1994) is a Serbian handball player who plays for ŽRK Vardar and for the Serbian national team.
He is the son of famous Canadian baritone Victor Braun.
Aarya also has a half - brother, the actor Prateik Babbar, who is the son of Raj Babbar by his second wife Smita Patil.
Jeffrey Otoo (born 21 January 1998) is a Ghanaian football forward.
Air Chief Marshal Sir James Donald Innes Hardman, (21 December 1899   – 2 March 1982), known as Donald Hardman, was a senior Royal Air Force commander.
Ammonium bicarbonate from China used to make " cookies " was found to be contaminated with melamine, and imports were banned in Malaysia following the 2008 Chinese milk scandal.
The university is the flagship institution of the University of Minnesota system, and is organized into 19 colleges and schools, with sister campuses in Crookston, Duluth, Morris, and Rochester.
Born - again stars are stars that evolve over a period of years to migrate between the post - AGB and AGB regions of the Hertzsprung – Russell diagram.
Paul Tomlinson (born 4 February 1965) is an English former footballer who played as a goalkeeper for Sheffield United, Birmingham City (on loan) and Bradford City.
Dora Annie Dickens (16 August 1850 – 14 April 1851) was the infant daughter of English novelist Charles Dickens and his wife Catherine.
Peter Seiffert (born January 4, 1954, in Düsseldorf) is a German tenor.
Another son of Ferdinand von Miller was Oskar von Miller, who became an engineer and founder of the Deutsches Museum, Munich.
It is located at 788 - 6, Hannam - dong, Yongsan - gu, Seoul, South Korea.
She starred as Hema in the Tamil movie " Touring Talkies " with S. A. Chandrasekhar, Manobala, and Robo Shankar, directed by S. A. Chandrasekhar and released on 30 January 2015.
In 697 Prince Karu, the son of Prince Kusakabe and therefore grandson of Emperor Tenmu and Empress Jitō, was appointed crown prince.
Billy Hardy (born 5 September 1964 in Sunderland) is a former bantamweight and featherweight boxer champion.
Her nephew William Cavendish, Marquess of Hartington married Kathleen, a sister of John F. Kennedy.
Rivadeneira fought with Michael Spinks in 1983 for the Light Heavyweight championship.
Johnny Kirkland (Connery) is a university student having problems with his alcoholic and emotionally damaged mother (Cilento), who was recently divorced.
He was the second son of Konrad I of Masovia and Agafia of Rus.
Steen is also the youngest - ever Theatresports National Champion of Australia, winning the title in 2008 with Simon Greiner and two members from The Axis of Awesome, Jordan Raskopoulos and Lee Naimo.
Established in 1968 in Milwaukee, Wi, " Aldrichimica Acta " publishes reviews in the field of synthetic organic chemistry, with each issue focusing on a special topic.
Vladimir and Rogneda had five children and the eldest of them, Izyaslav, became Prince of Polotsk (ruled 989 - 1001).
The singles released from " Insomniac " were " Geek Stink Breath ", " Stuck with Me ", " Brain Stew / Jaded ", and " Walking Contradiction ".
Korcan Çelikay (born 31 December 1987) is a Turkish professional football goalkeeper who currently play for Ankaragücü.
In 1232, Frederick II hosted in the castle Margrave Boniface II of Montferrat and Bianca Lancia, with whom he had his son Manfred and who became his wife just before her death.
Helen also interviewed Kang Keqing, wife of the future head of state Zhu De.
Haney is featured in several books for his role in World War II and actor Gary Sweet portrayed him in the HBO miniseries The Pacific . IMDb.
After those two victories, a match between Tyson, who was the number one ranked Heavyweight, and Donovan " Razor " Ruddock, who was ranked number two, was agreed upon.
The park is named after Padmaja Naidu (1900–1975), daughter of Sarojini Naidu.
The film was dubbed into Telugu under the same name, while a Kannada language version, " Sajni ", was released in 2007.
In September, the Hallamshires crossed the Antwerp - Turnhout canal and for his part in a subsequent action, Corporal John William Harper was posthumously awarded the Victoria Cross for his heroism.
Marseille had previously ignored orders to use these new aircraft because of its high engine failure rate, but on the orders of Generalfeldmarschall Albert Kesselring, Marseille reluctantly obeyed.
Lukáš Krajíček (, born March 11, 1983) is a Czech professional ice hockey defenceman who plays for HC Dinamo Minsk of the KHL.
AVM remade the film in Hindi as " Laadla " (1966) with Nirupa Roy playing Bhanumathi's character.
During the Second World War, the Reichsbrücke was the only one of Vienna's bridges over the Danube not to suffer serious damage.
Due to health reasons, Watson was himself privately relieved of command months before the public announcement in March 1900 that he was to be relieved by Rear Admiral George C. Remey.
Real Madrid's Spanish forward Raúl opened the scoring in the eighth minute, but, five minutes later, Brazilian defender Lúcio levelled the scores with a header that beat goalkeeper César.
Around this time Archbishop Hlond had nominated Bishop Józef Gawlina, also a Divisional general and based in Rome, to be responsible overall for the Polish diaspora.
Yeh Saali Zindagi (" This bloody life ") is a 2011 Hindi romantic thriller directed by Sudhir Mishra.
Dafydd was the son of Owain Gwynedd by Cristin ferch Goronwy ab Owain (married).
To Ukraine also was ceded some territory of right bank Kalmius river just east of Mariupol " to ensure the proper administration of the city and port ".
Quincy Taylor (born July 18, 1963 in Dallas, Texas), was a professional boxer in the Middleweight (160 lb) division.
NGC 10 is an unbarred spiral galaxy located in the Sculptor constellation.
Movita packed up and moved back to Hollywood, where she went on to marry Marlon Brando.
Mickaël Marteau (born 28 September 1992) is a French rower.
The Portuguese Prince Regent, the future King John VI, with his incapacitated mother, Queen Maria I of Portugal and the Royal Court, fled to the colony of Brazil in 1808.
The Battle of Buna – Gona was part of the New Guinea campaign in the Pacific Theatre during World War II.
Maureen Wheeler,, is a Northern Irish - Australian businesswoman, who co - founded Lonely Planet with her husband Tony Wheeler.
Kolev was Bulgaria's third - choice goalkeeper, behind Zdravko Zdravkov and Dimitar Ivankov, at the UEFA Euro 2004, remaining an unused substitute in the tournament.
Anderson Rojas is an amateur boxer from Ecuador who has qualified for the 2012 Olympics as a light welterweight.
Elizabeth Watts (born 1979) is a British operatic soprano.
